                              Table of Contents
1.   Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement                                       1
2.   Exhibit A - List of Purchasers and Noteholders; Series B Adjustment              22
3.   Exhibit B - Fifth Restated Certificate of Incorporation                          23
4.   Exhibit C - Amended and Restated Investors' Rights Agreement                     48
5.   Exhibit D - Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement    78
6.   Exhibit E - Amended and Restated Voting Agreement                                96
7.   Exhibit F - Disclosure Schedules                                                112
8.   Exhibit G - Final Opinion of Eaton Peabody, P.A.                                115
9.   Exhibit H - Warrant to Purchase Series B Preferred Stock                        117
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 1 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                             SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


               THIS SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this
         “Agreement”), is made as of the 13th day of March, 2018 by and among Cerahelix, Inc. a
         Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the investors listed on Exhibit A attached to this
         Agreement (each a “Purchaser” and together the “Purchasers”).

                   The parties hereby agree as follows:

                   1.        Purchase and Sale of Preferred Stock.

                             1.1    Sale and Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock.

                                (a)     The Company shall adopt and file with the Secretary of State of the
         State of Delaware on or before the Initial Closing (as defined below) the Fifth Restated
         Certificate of Incorporation in the form of Exhibit B attached to this Agreement (the “Restated
         Certificate”).

                                (b)    Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each
         Purchaser agrees to purchase at the Closing and the Company agrees to sell and issue to each
         Purchaser at the Closing that number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per
         share (the “Series B Preferred Stock”), set forth opposite each Purchaser’s name Exhibit A, at a
         purchase price of $0.2444 per share (the “Series B Purchase Price”). The shares of Series B
         Preferred Stock issued to the Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement (including any shares issued
         at the Initial Closing and any Additional Shares, as defined below) shall be referred to in this
         Agreement as the “Shares.”

                             1.2    Closing; Delivery.

                                (a)    The initial purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place
         remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures, at 12:00 PM on March 13, 2018, or at
         such other time and place as the Company and the Purchasers mutually agree upon, orally or in
         writing (which time and place are designated as the “Initial Closing”). In the event there is more
         than one closing, the term “Closing” shall apply to each such closing unless otherwise specified.

                                (b)    At each Closing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a
         certificate representing the Shares being purchased by such Purchaser at such Closing against
         payment of the purchase price therefor by check payable to the Company, by wire transfer to a
         bank account designated by the Company, by cancellation or conversion of indebtedness of the
         Company to Purchaser, including interest, or by any combination of such methods.




         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                          Page 2 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                         1.3     Sale of Additional Shares of Preferred Stock. After the Initial Closing,
         the Company may sell, on the same terms and conditions as those contained in this Agreement,
         additional shares (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock
         split, combination or similar recapitalization affecting such shares) of Series B Preferred Stock
         (the “Additional Shares”), provided that the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock sold to
         investors shall not exceed 8,524,006 in the aggregate (such amount to include Series B Shares
         issued prior to the date of this Agreement, but to exclude: (i) Series B Preferred Shares issued
         upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes under Section 1.4, and (ii) shares issued upon
         exercise of the Warrant) (the “Maximum Amount”), to one or more purchasers (the “Additional
         Purchasers”), provided that (i) such subsequent sale is consummated within ninety (90) days
         following the Initial Closing and (ii) each Additional Purchaser shall become a party to the
         Transaction Agreements (as defined below), by executing and delivering a counterpart signature
         page to each of the Transaction Agreements; and Exhibit A this Agreement shall be updated to
         reflect the number of Additional Shares purchased at each such Closing and the parties
         purchasing such Additional Shares.

                         1.4    Conversion of Convertible Debt. Concurrent with the Initial Closing, the
         outstanding convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of Five Hundred Fifteen
         Thousand Dollars ($515,000) plus accrued interest shall automatically convert into shares of
         Series B Preferred Stock. Each holder of a convertible note issued by the Company prior to the
         date hereof (each a “Holder” and collectively the “Holders”) shall convert the principal amount
         of his or her convertible note plus all accrued interest thereon into Shares, subject to the discount
         specified in the note. Each Holder hereby agrees that (i) the entire amount owed to such Holder
         under his or her note is being tendered to the Company in exchange for the applicable Shares set
         forth on the Schedule of Purchasers, and effective upon the Company’s and such Holder’s
         execution and delivery of this Agreement, without any further action required by the Company
         or such Holder, such note and all obligations set forth therein shall be immediately deemed
         repaid in full and terminated in their entirety; and (ii) the Note Purchase Agreement by and
         among the Company, the Holder, and certain other Holders shall be terminated in its entirety.
         Upon conversion, each Holder shall be treated as Purchaser under this agreement. The principal
         balance of each note, interest accrued, and each holder thereof is listed on Exhibit A.

                         1.5     Prior Series B Preferred Shares. To account for the difference in pricing
         between the shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and sold prior to the date of this
         Agreement, at the Closing the Company shall issue an amount of additional shares of Series B
         Preferred Stock to each stockholder holding Series B Preferred Shares prior to the Closing equal
         to the difference between: (i) for each such stockholder, the number of shares of Series B
         Preferred Stock held by such stockholder, and (ii) the number of shares of Series B Preferred
         Stock which would have been held by such stockholder had the stockholder’s original
         investment amount been divided by the Purchase Price. Each such shareholder is listed on
         Exhibit A, together with the total number of Series B Preferred Shares held by such shareholder
         after the calculation described above.

                        1.6    Short-Term Promissory Notes. At the Closing, the principal balances and
         all accrued interest on the short-term promissory notes issued by the Company to Richard
         Schotte shall be converted into Shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The number of shares of
         stock issuable upon conversion shall be calculated by dividing the total principal balance

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 3 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         together with accrued interest by the Series B Purchase Price. The principal balance of each note,
         together with interest accrued, is listed on Exhibit A.

                         1.7    Warrant. Concurrent with the transactions described in this Agreement, at
         the Initial Closing the Company shall issue a warrant to PureTerra Ventures (or its designee) to
         purchase up to 1,824,054 additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a price per share of
         $0.001 per share (the “Warrant”), which Warrant shall be in substantially the form attached
         hereto as Exhibit H. The Warrant shall only be exerciseable if, after using commercially
         reasonable efforts, PureTerra Ventures is unable to qualify as a venture capital fund under the
         Maine Seed Capital Tax Credit Program.

                         1.7    Defined Terms Used in this Agreement. In addition to the terms defined
         above, the following terms used in this Agreement shall be construed to have the meanings set
         forth or referenced below.

                               (a)     “Affiliate” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other
         Person who, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
         such Person, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer or
         director of such Person or any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing that is controlled by
         one or more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management company
         with, such Person.

                                  (b)    “Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement” means the agreement
         among the Company and the Purchasers and certain other stockholders of the Company dated as
         of the date of the Initial Closing, in the form of Exhibit C attached to this Agreement.

                               (c)   “Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale
         Agreement” means the agreement among the Company, the Purchasers, and certain other
         stockholders of the Company, dated as of the date of the Initial Closing, in the form of Exhibit D
         attached to this Agreement.

                                  (d)    “Amended and Restated Voting Agreement” means the agreement
         among the Company, the Purchasers and certain other stockholders of the Company, dated as of
         the date of the Initial Closing, in the form of Exhibit E attached to this Agreement.

                                  (e)   “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

                                 (f)    “Company Covered Person” means, with respect to the Company
         as an “issuer” for purposes of Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, any Person listed
         in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1).

                               (g)     “Company Intellectual Property” means all patents, patent
         applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service mark applications,
         tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names, mask works, information and proprietary
         rights and processes, similar or other intellectual property rights, subject matter of any of the
         foregoing, tangible embodiments of any of the foregoing, licenses in, to and under any of the
         foregoing, and any and all such cases as are necessary to the Company in the conduct of the
         Company’s business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted.

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                          Page 4 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                (h)    “Key Employee” means any executive-level employee (including
         division director and vice president-level positions) as well as any employee or consultant who
         either alone or in concert with others develops, invents, programs or designs any Company
         Intellectual Property.

                             (i)     “Knowledge” including the phrase “to the Company’s
         knowledge” shall mean the actual knowledge after reasonable investigation of the officers.

                                 (j)     “Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on the
         business, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities, financial condition, property, prospects
         or results of operations of the Company.

                                (k)    “Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, trust,
         limited liability company, association or other entity.

                              (l)    “Purchaser” means each of the Purchasers who is initially a party
         to this Agreement and any Additional Purchaser who becomes a party to this Agreement at a
         subsequent Closing under Subsection (b).

                                (m)     “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
         and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                                (n)   “Shares” means the shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued at
         the Initial Closing and any Additional Shares issued at a subsequent Closing under Subsection
         1.2(b).

                               (o)    “Transaction Agreements” means this Agreement, the Amended
         and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement, the Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and
         Co-Sale Agreement, and the Amended and Restated Voting Agreement.

                 2.      Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby
         represents and warrants to each Purchaser that, except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule
         attached as Exhibit F to this Agreement, which exceptions shall be deemed to be part of the
         representations and warranties made hereunder, the following representations are true and
         complete as of the date of the Initial Closing, except as otherwise indicated. The Disclosure
         Schedule shall be arranged in sections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections and
         subsections contained in this Section 2, and the disclosures in any section or subsection of the
         Disclosure Schedule shall qualify other sections and subsections in this Section 2 only to the
         extent it is readily apparent from a reading of the disclosure that such disclosure is applicable to
         such other sections and subsections.

                       For purposes of these representations and warranties (other than those in
         Subsections 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, and 2.6), the term the “Company” shall include any subsidiaries of
         the Company, unless otherwise noted herein.

                       2.1    Organization, Good Standing, Corporate Power and Qualification. The
         Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
         of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                          Page 5 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         business as presently conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly
         qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to
         so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.

                             2.2   Capitalization.

                                 (a)    The authorized capital of the Company consists, immediately prior
         to the Initial Closing (assuming consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
         including the filing of the Restated Certificate), of:

                                         (i)  35,550,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per
         share (the “Common Stock”), 9,999,990 shares of which are issued and outstanding immediately
         prior to the Initial Closing. All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly
         authorized, are fully paid and nonassessable and were issued in compliance with all applicable
         federal and state securities laws.

                                       (ii)    22,255,000 shares of Preferred Stock, of which 1,695,000
         shares have been designated Series AA Preferred Stock, 1,694,000 of which are issued and
         outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Closing; 5,200,000 shares of Series A Preferred
         Stock, 4,106,137 of which are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Closing,
         and 15,360,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 1,925,307 of which are outstanding
         immediately prior to the Initial Closing. The rights, privileges and preferences of the Preferred
         Stock are as stated in the Restated Certificate and as provided by the Delaware General
         Corporation Law.

                                (b)     The Company has reserved 3,780,449 shares of Common Stock for
         issuance to officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Company pursuant to its 2012
         Stock Incentive Plan duly adopted by the Board of Directors and approved by the Company
         stockholders (the “Stock Plan”). Of such reserved shares of Common Stock, no shares have
         been issued pursuant to restricted stock purchase agreements, options to purchase 1,325,000
         shares have been granted and are currently outstanding, and shares of Common Stock remain
         available for issuance to officers, directors, employees and consultants pursuant to the Stock
         Plan. The Company has furnished to the Purchasers complete and accurate copies of the Stock
         Plan and forms of agreements used thereunder.

                                (c)    Subsection 2.2(b) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the
         capitalization of the Company immediately following the Initial Closing. Except for (A) the
         conversion privileges of the Shares to be issued under this Agreement, (B) the rights provided in
         Section 4 of the Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement, and (C) the securities and
         rights described in Subsection 2.2(a)(ii) of this Agreement and Subsection 2.2(b) of the
         Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding options, warrants, rights (including conversion or
         preemptive rights and rights of first refusal or similar rights) or agreements, orally or in writing,
         to purchase or acquire from the Company any shares of Common Stock, Series AA Preferred
         Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock or any securities convertible into or
         exchangeable for shares of Common Stock, Series AA Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock,
         or Series B Preferred Stock.



         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                           Page 6 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                (d)     The Company has obtained valid waivers of any rights by other
         parties to purchase any of the Shares covered by this Agreement.

                        2.3.     Authorization. All corporate action required to be taken by the
         Company’s Board of Directors and stockholders in order to authorize the Company to enter into
         the Transaction Agreements, and to issue the Shares at the Closing and the Common Stock
         issuable upon conversion of the Shares, has been taken or will be take prior to the Closing. All
         action on the part of the officers of the Company necessary for the execution and delivery of the
         Transaction Agreements, the performance of all obligations of the Company under the
         Transaction Agreements to be performed as of the Closing, and the issuance and delivery of the
         Shares has been taken or will be taken prior to the Closing. The Transaction Agreements, when
         executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid and legally binding obligations of
         the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms except
         (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent
         conveyance, or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of
         creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
         performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies, or (iii) to the extent the
         indemnification provisions contained in the Restated Investors’ Rights may be limited by
         applicable federal or state securities laws.

                         2.4     Valid Issuance of Shares. The Shares, when issued, sold and delivered in
         accordance with the terms and for the consideration set forth in this Agreement, will be validly
         issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other than restrictions on
         transfer under the Transaction Agreements, applicable state and federal securities laws and liens
         or encumbrances created by or imposed by a Purchaser. Assuming the accuracy of the
         representations of the Purchasers in Section 3 of this Agreement and subject to the filings
         described in Subsection 2.5(ii) below, the Shares will be issued in compliance with all applicable
         federal and state securities laws. The Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares has
         been duly reserved for issuance, and upon issuance in accordance with the terms of the Restated
         Certificate, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer
         other than restrictions on transfer under the Transaction Agreements, applicable federal and state
         securities laws and liens or encumbrances created by or imposed by a Purchaser. Based in part
         upon the representations of the Purchasers in Section 3 of this Agreement, and subject to
         Subsection 2.5 below, the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares will be issued
         in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

                          2.5     Governmental Consents and Filings. Assuming the accuracy of the
         representations made by the Purchasers in Section 3 of this Agreement, no consent, approval,
         order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with,
         any federal, state or local governmental authority is required on the part of the Company in
         connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except
         for (i) the filing of the Restated Certificate, which will have been filed as of the Initial Closing,
         and (ii) filings pursuant to Regulation D of the Securities Act, and applicable state securities
         laws, which have been made or will be made in a timely manner.

                      2.6    Litigation There is no claim, action, suit, proceeding, arbitration,
         complaint, charge or investigation pending or currently threatened in writing against the

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 7 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Company or any officer or director of the Company arising out of their employment or board
         relationship with the Company. Neither the Company nor, to the Company’s knowledge, any of
         its officers or directors is a party or is named as subject to the provisions of any order, writ,
         injunction, judgment or decree of any court or government agency or instrumentality (in the case
         of officers or directors, such as would affect the Company). There is no action, suit, proceeding
         or investigation by the Company pending or which the Company intends to initiate. The
         foregoing includes, without limitation, actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or
         threatened in writing or any basis therefor known to the Company involving the prior
         employment of any of the Company’s employees, their services provided in connection with the
         Company’s business, any information or techniques allegedly proprietary to any of their former
         employers or their obligations under any agreements with prior employers.

                         2.7    Intellectual Property. The Company owns or possesses sufficient legal
         rights to all Company Intellectual Property without any known conflict with, or infringement of,
         the rights of others. No product or service marketed or sold (or proposed to be marketed or sold)
         by the Company violates or will violate any license or infringes or will infringe any intellectual
         property rights of any other party. Other than with respect to commercially available software
         products under standard end-user object code license agreements, there are no outstanding
         options, licenses, agreements, claims, encumbrances or shared ownership interests of any kind
         relating to the Company Intellectual Property, nor is the Company bound by or a party to any
         options, licenses or agreements of any kind with respect to the patents, trademarks, service
         marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, information, proprietary rights and
         processes of any other Person. The Company has not received any communications alleging that
         the Company has violated, or by conducting its business, would violate any of the patents,
         trademarks, service marks, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets, mask works or other
         proprietary rights or processes of any other Person. The Company has obtained and possesses
         valid licenses to use all of the software programs present on the computers and other software-
         enabled electronic devices that it owns or leases or that it has otherwise provided to its
         employees for their use in connection with the Company’s business. It will not be necessary to
         use any inventions of any of the Company’s employees or consultants (or Persons it currently
         intends to hire) made prior to their employment by the Company. Each past and present
         employee and consultant has assigned to the Company all intellectual property rights he or she
         owns that are related to the Company’s business as now conducted and as presently proposed to
         be conducted.

                        2.8     Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company is not in violation or
         default (i) of any provisions of its Restated Certificate or Bylaws, (ii) of any instrument,
         judgment, order, writ or decree, (iii) under any note, indenture or mortgage, or (iv) under any
         lease, agreement, contract or purchase order to which it is a party or by which it is bound that is
         required to be listed on the Disclosure Schedule, or (v) of any provision of federal or state
         statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, the violation of which would have a
         Material Adverse Effect. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction
         Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
         Agreements will not result in any such violation or be in conflict with or constitute, with or
         without the passage of time and giving of notice, either (i) a default under any such provision,
         instrument, judgment, order, writ, decree, contract or agreement; or (ii) an event which results in
         the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or the

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 8 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         suspension, revocation, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit or license applicable to
         the Company.

                             2.9    Certain Transactions.

                                (a)     Other than (i) standard employee benefits generally made available
         to all employees, (ii) standard director and officer indemnification agreements approved by the
         Board of Directors, and (iii) the purchase of shares of the Company’s capital stock and the
         issuance of options to purchase shares of the Company’s Common Stock, in each instance,
         approved in the written minutes of the Board of Directors (previously provided to the Purchasers
         or their counsel), there are no agreements, understandings or proposed transactions between the
         Company and any of its officers, directors, consultants or Key Employees, or any Affiliate
         thereof.

                                 (b)    The Company is not indebted, directly or indirectly, to any of its
         directors, officers or employees or to their respective spouses or children or to any Affiliate of
         any of the foregoing, other than in connection with expenses or advances of expenses incurred in
         the ordinary course of business or employee relocation expenses and for other customary
         employee benefits made generally available to all employees. None of the Company’s directors,
         officers or employees, or any members of their immediate families, or any Affiliate of the
         foregoing are, directly or indirectly, indebted to the Company or have any (i) material
         commercial, industrial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable or familial relationship
         with any of the Company’s customers, suppliers, service providers, joint venture partners,
         licensees and competitors, (ii) direct or indirect ownership interest in any firm or corporation
         with which the Company is affiliated or with which the Company has a business relationship, or
         any firm or corporation which competes with the Company except that directors, officers,
         employees or stockholders of the Company may own stock in (but not exceeding two percent
         (2%) of the outstanding capital stock of) publicly traded companies that may compete with the
         Company; or (iii) financial interest in any material contract with the Company.

                        2.10 Rights of Registration and Voting Rights. Except as provided in the
         Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement, the Company is not under any obligation to
         register under the Securities Act any of its currently outstanding securities or any securities
         issuable upon exercise or conversion of its currently outstanding securities. Except as
         contemplated in the Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, no stockholder of the Company
         has entered into any agreements with respect to the voting of capital shares of the Company.

                        2.11 Property. The property and assets that the Company owns are free and
         clear of all mortgages, deeds of trust, liens, loans and encumbrances, except for statutory liens
         for the payment of current taxes that are not yet delinquent and encumbrances and liens that arise
         in the ordinary course of business and do not materially impair the Company’s ownership or use
         of such property or assets. With respect to the property and assets it leases, the Company is in
         compliance with such leases and holds a valid leasehold interest free of any liens, claims or
         encumbrances other than those of the lessors of such property or assets. The Company does not
         own any real property.

                             2.12   Financial Statements. The Company has delivered to each Purchaser its

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                           Page 9 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         reviewed financial statements for the fiscal year ending in 2017 (collectively, the “Financial
         Statements”). The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
         accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
         indicated, except that the unaudited Financial Statements may not contain all footnotes required
         by GAAP. The Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
         and operating results of the Company as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated therein,
         subject in the case of the unaudited Financial Statements to normal year-end audit adjustments.
         Except as set forth in the Financial Statements, the Company has no material liabilities or
         obligations, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of
         business subsequent to December 31, 2017; (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments
         incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) liabilities and obligations of a type or nature
         not required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, which, in all such cases,
         individually and in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
         maintains and will continue to maintain a standard system of accounting established and
         administered in accordance with GAAP.

                        2.13 Tax Returns and Payments. There are no federal, state, county, local or
         foreign taxes due and payable by the Company which have not been timely paid. There are no
         accrued and unpaid federal, state, country, local or foreign taxes of the Company which are due,
         whether or not assessed or disputed. There have been no examinations or audits of any tax
         returns or reports by any applicable federal, state, local or foreign governmental agency. The
         Company has duly and timely filed all federal, state, county, local and foreign tax returns
         required to have been filed by it and there are in effect no waivers of applicable statutes of
         limitations with respect to taxes for any year.

                        2.14 Environmental. The Company is in compliance with all laws and
         regulations, including but not limited to regulations administered by the Environmental
         Protection Agency, concerning the handling, storage and use of any toxic or potentially toxic
         chemicals employed in the manufacture of its products. The Company has not received notice of
         any violation, claim or investigation by any regulatory agency having oversight or enforcement
         authority under any environmental laws.

                       2.15 No UCC Filings. The Company is not a debtor on any secured debt and
         there are no UCC filings or liens on any of the Company’s assets.

                         2.16 NDAs In Force. The Company has signed non-disclosure agreements
         from all past and present employees and contractors who have or had access to Company
         Intellectual Property.

                       2.17 Patents and Patents Pending. The following patents and patents pending
         are wholly owned by and assigned to the Company

        Issued Patents
        US                       US Utility          8,431,508
        US                       US CIP              8,431,509
        US                       US CIP              8,426,333
        China                    Chinese             ZL200980147182.2


         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 10 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




        Japan                    Japanese             2011-534808
        Japan                    JP Divisional        2016-5913500

        Patents Pending

        European Union           European Patent      9829638.7
                                 Pending
        US                       US Utility patent    15/797,836
                                 application
        US                       US Provisional       62/576,561
                                 patent application
        International            PCT based on         PCT/US2017/059051
                                 15/797,836


               3. Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser hereby represents
         and warrants to the Company, severally and not jointly, that:

                         3.1    Authorization. The Purchaser has full power and authority to enter into
         the Transaction Agreements. The Transaction Agreements to which the Purchaser is a party,
         when executed and delivered by the Purchaser, will constitute valid and legally binding
         obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except (a) as limited by
         applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and any
         other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, and as
         limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other
         equitable remedies, or (b) to the extent the indemnification provisions contained in the Investors’
         Rights Agreement may be limited by applicable federal or state securities laws.

                         3.2     Purchase Entirely for Own Account. This Agreement is made with the
         Purchaser in reliance upon the Purchaser’s representation to the Company, which by the
         Purchaser’s execution of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby confirms, that the Shares to be
         acquired by the Purchaser will be acquired for investment for the Purchaser’s own account, not
         as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and
         that the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise
         distributing the same. By executing this Agreement, the Purchaser further represents that the
         Purchaser does not presently have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any
         Person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such Person or to any third Person, with respect
         to any of the Shares. The Purchaser has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring
         the Shares.

                         3.3    Disclosure of Information. The Purchaser has had an opportunity to
         discuss the Company’s business, management, financial affairs and the terms and conditions of
         the offering of the Shares with the Company’s management and has had an opportunity to review
         the Company’s facilities.

                        3.4     Restricted Securities. The Purchaser understands that the Shares have not
         been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, by reason of a specific exemption from


         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 11 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         the registration provisions of the Securities Act which depends upon, among other things, the
         bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Purchaser’s representations as
         expressed herein. The Purchaser understands that the Shares are “restricted securities” under
         applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, the Purchaser
         must hold the Shares indefinitely unless they are registered with the Securities and Exchange
         Commission and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and
         qualification requirements is available. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has no
         obligation to register or qualify the Shares, or the Common Stock into which it may be
         converted, for resale except as set forth in the Investors’ Rights Agreement. The Purchaser
         further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification is available, it may
         be conditioned on various requirements including, but not limited to, the time and manner of
         sale, the holding period for the Shares, and on requirements relating to the Company which are
         outside of the Purchaser’s control, and which the Company is under no obligation and may not
         be able to satisfy.

                         3.5    No Public Market. The Purchaser understands that no public market now
         exists for the Shares, and that the Company has made no assurances that a public market will
         ever exist for the Shares.

                        3.6     Legends. The Purchaser understands that the Shares and any securities
         issued in respect of or exchange for the Shares, may be notated with one or all of the following
         legends:

                                  (a) “THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN
                                      REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND
                                      HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A
                                      VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR
                                      DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE
                                      EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
                                      STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF
                                      COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY
                                      THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE
                                      SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.”

                                  (b)   Any legend set forth in, or required by, the other Transaction
         Agreements.

                               (c)    Any legend required by the securities laws of any state to the
         extent such laws are applicable to the Shares represented by the certificate, instrument, or book
         entry so legended.

                        3.7   Accredited Investor. The Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in
         Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

                          3.8     Foreign Investors. If the Purchaser is not a United States person (as
         defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), the Purchaser hereby represents that it has satisfied
         itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to


         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 12 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         subscribe for the Shares or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within
         its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Shares, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to
         such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and
         (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase,
         holding, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Shares. The Purchaser’s subscription and payment
         for and continued beneficial ownership of the Shares will not violate any applicable securities or
         other laws of the Purchaser’s jurisdiction.

                        3.9    No General Solicitation. Neither the Purchaser, nor any of its officers,
         directors, employees, agents, stockholders or partners has either directly or indirectly, including,
         through a broker or finder (a) engaged in any general solicitation, or (b) published any
         advertisement in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares.

                        3.10 Exculpation Among Purchasers. The Purchaser acknowledges that it is
         not relying upon any Person, other than the Company and its officers and directors, in making its
         investment or decision to invest in the Company. The Purchaser agrees that neither any
         Purchaser nor the respective controlling Persons, officers, directors, partners, agents, or
         employees of any Purchaser shall be liable to any other Purchaser for any action heretofore taken
         or omitted to be taken by any of them in connection with the purchase of the Shares.

                        3.11 Residence. If the Purchaser is an individual, then the Purchaser resides in
         the state or province identified in the address of the Purchaser set forth in an investor
         questionnaire completed by the Purchaser, if the Purchaser is a partnership, corporation, limited
         liability company or other entity, then the office or offices of the Purchaser in which its principal
         place of business is identified in the address or addresses of the Purchaser set forth in such
         investor questionnaire.

                 4.     Conditions to the Purchasers’ Obligations at Closing. The obligations of each
         Purchaser to purchase Shares at the Initial Closing (or any subsequent Closing) are subject to the
         fulfillment, on or before such Closing, of each of the following conditions, unless otherwise
         waived:

                     4.1     Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the
         Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct in all respects as of such Closing.

                       4.2    Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied with all
         covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
         to be performed or complied with by the Company on or before such Closing.

                        4.3    Compliance Certificate. The President of the Company shall deliver to the
         Purchasers at such Closing a certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Subsections 4.1
         and 4.2 have been fulfilled.

                        4.4    Qualifications. All authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any
         governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state that are required in
         connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement shall be
         obtained and effective as of such Closing.


         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 13 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                        4.5    Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement. The Company and
         each Purchaser (other than the Purchaser relying upon this condition to excuse such Purchaser’s
         performance hereunder) and the other stockholders of the Company named as parties thereto
         shall have executed and delivered the Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement.

                        4.6    Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement.
         The Company, each Purchaser (other than the Purchaser relying upon this condition to excuse
         such Purchaser’s performance hereunder), and the other stockholders of the Company named as
         parties thereto shall have executed and delivered the Amended and Restated Right of First
         Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement.

                        4.7    Amended and Restated Voting Agreement. The Company, each Purchaser
         (other than the Purchaser relying upon this condition to excuse such Purchaser’s performance
         hereunder), and the other stockholders of the Company named as parties thereto shall have
         executed and delivered the Amended and Restated Voting Agreement.

                        4.8      Restated Certificate. The Company shall have filed the Fifth Restated
         Certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware on or prior to the Closing, which shall
         continue to be in full force and effect as of the Closing.

                         4.9     Secretary’s Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have
         delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing a certificate certifying (i) the Bylaws of the Company,
         (ii) resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company approving the Transaction Agreements
         and the transactions contemplated under the Transaction Agreements, and (iii) resolutions of the
         stockholders of the Company approving the Restated Certificate.

                         4.10 Proceedings and Documents. All corporate and other proceedings in
         connection with the transactions contemplated at the Closing and all documents incident thereto
         shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser (or
         its counsel) shall have received all such counterpart original and certified or other copies of such
         documents as reasonably requested. Such documents may include good standing certificates.

                         4.11 Opinion of Company Counsel. The Purchasers shall have received from
         Eaton Peabody, counsel for the Company, an opinion, dated as of the Initial Closing, in
         substantially the form of Exhibit G attached to this Agreement.

                         4.12 Written Commitments from MVF and PropelX. The Company shall have
         in hand binding, written commitments to join and participate as co-investors in this Series B
         Stock Purchase Agreement of (a) $100,000 from the Small Enterprise Growth Fund d/b/a the
         Maine Venture Fund and (b) not less than $150,000 from PropelX (and any affiliates thereof)which
         commitments shall include hard deadlines to close and fund not later than thirty (30) days after
         the Initial Closing.

                 5.     Conditions of the Company’s Obligations at Closing. The obligations of the
         Company to sell Shares to the Purchasers at the Initial Closing or any subsequent Closing are
         subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions, unless
         otherwise waived:


         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 14 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                       5.1     Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of
         each Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct in all respects as of such Closing.

                        5.2   Performance. The Purchasers shall have performed and complied with all
         covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
         to be performed or complied with by them on or before such Closing.

                        5.3    Qualifications. All authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any
         governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state that are required in
         connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement shall be
         obtained and effective as of the Closing.

                        5.4    Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement. Each Purchaser
         shall have executed and delivered the Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement.

                      5.5     Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement.
         Each Purchaser and the other stockholders of the Company named as parties thereto shall have
         executed and delivered the Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale
         Agreement.

                       5.6    Amended and Restated Voting Agreement. Each Purchaser and the other
         stockholders of the Company named as parties thereto shall have executed and delivered the
         Amended and Restated Voting Agreement.

                   6.        Miscellaneous.

                        6.1    Survival of Warranties. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the
         representations and warranties of the Company and the Purchasers contained in or made pursuant
         to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Closing
         and shall in no way be affected by any investigation or knowledge of the subject matter thereof
         made by or on behalf of the Purchasers or the Company.

                         6.2    Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall
         inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties.
         Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than
         the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations
         or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this
         Agreement.

                        6.3     Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law of
         the State of Delaware.

                        6.4     Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more
         counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
         one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail
         (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000,
         e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be
         deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 15 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                      6.5    Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are
         used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this
         Agreement.

                         6.6     Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to
         this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of
         actual receipt, or (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by
         electronic mail or facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during
         normal business hours, then on the recipient’s next business day, (c) five (5) days after having
         been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1)
         business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid,
         specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications
         shall be sent to the respective parties at their address as set forth on the signature page or Exhibit
         A or to such e-mail address, facsimile number or address as subsequently modified by written
         notice given in accordance with this Subsection. If notice is given to the Company, a copy shall
         also be sent to Jeffrey W. Spaulding, Eaton Peabody, P.O. Box 1210, Bangor, ME 04402-1210.

                        6.7     No Finder’s Fees. Each party represents that it neither is nor will be
         obligated for any finder’s fee or commission in connection with this transaction. Each Purchaser
         agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company from any liability for any commission or
         compensation in the nature of a finder’s or broker’s fee arising out of this transaction (and the
         costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which each
         Purchaser or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible. The Company
         agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser from any liability for any commission or
         compensation in the nature of a finder’s or broker’s fee arising out of this transaction (and the
         costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which the
         Company or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible.

                         6.8   Fees and Expenses. At the Initial Closing, the Company shall pay the
         reasonable legal fees and due diligence expenses of PureTerra Ventures, in an amount not to
         exceed, in the aggregate, $20,000.

                        6.9     Attorneys’ Fees. If any action at law or in equity (including, arbitration) is
         necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of any of the Transaction Agreements, the prevailing
         party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and necessary disbursements in
         addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled.

                         6.10 Amendments and Waivers. Except as set forth in Subsection 1.2(b) of this
         Agreement, any term of this Agreement may be amended, terminated or waived only with the
         written consent of the Company, and (i) the holders of at least two-thirds of the then-outstanding
         Shares, or (ii) for an amendment, termination or waiver effected prior to the Initial Closing,
         Purchasers obligated to purchase two-thirds of the Shares to be issued at the Initial Closing. Any
         amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Subsection 0 shall be binding upon the
         Purchasers and each transferee of the Shares (or the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
         thereof), each future holder of all such securities, and the Company.

                             6.11   Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 16 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

                        6.12 Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power
         or remedy accruing to any party under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of any other
         party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-breaching
         or non-defaulting party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or
         an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring; nor shall
         any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default
         theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or
         character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver
         on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing
         and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies,
         either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative
         and not alternative.

                         6.13 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto), the
         Restated Certificate and the other Transaction Agreements constitute the full and entire
         understanding and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
         any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the
         parties are expressly canceled.

                          6.14 Dispute Resolution. Any unresolved controversy or claim arising out of or
         relating to this Agreement, except as (i) otherwise provided in this Agreement, or (ii) any such
         controversies or claims arising out of either party’s intellectual property rights for which a
         provisional remedy or equitable relief is sought, shall be submitted to arbitration by one
         arbitrator mutually agreed upon by the parties, and if no agreement can be reached within thirty
         (30) days after names of potential arbitrators have been proposed by the American Arbitration
         Association (the “AAA”), then by one arbitrator having reasonable experience in corporate
         finance transactions of the type provided for in this Agreement and who is chosen by the AAA.
         The arbitration shall take place in Maine, in accordance with the AAA rules then in effect, and
         judgment upon any award rendered in such arbitration will be binding and may be entered in any
         court having jurisdiction thereof. There shall be limited discovery prior to the arbitration hearing
         as follows: (a) exchange of witness lists and copies of documentary evidence and documents
         relating to or arising out of the issues to be arbitrated, (b) depositions of all party witnesses, and
         (c) such other depositions as may be allowed by the arbitrators upon a showing of good cause.
         Depositions shall be conducted in accordance with the Delaware Code of Civil Procedure, the
         arbitrator shall be required to provide in writing to the parties the basis for the award or order of
         such arbitrator, and a court reporter shall record all hearings, with such record constituting the
         official transcript of such proceedings.

                        6.15 No Commitment for Additional Financing. The Company acknowledges
         and agrees that no Purchaser has made any representation, undertaking, commitment or
         agreement to provide or assist the Company in obtaining any financing, investment or other
         assistance, other than the purchase of the Shares as set forth herein and subject to the conditions
         set forth herein. In addition, the Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) no statements,
         whether written or oral, made by any Purchaser or its representatives on or after the date of this
         Agreement shall create an obligation, commitment or agreement to provide or assist the

         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 17 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Company in obtaining any financing or investment, (ii) the Company shall not rely on any such
         statement by any Purchaser or its representatives, and (iii) an obligation, commitment or
         agreement to provide or assist the Company in obtaining any financing or investment may only
         be created by a written agreement, signed by such Purchaser and the Company, setting forth the
         terms and conditions of such financing or investment and stating that the parties intend for such
         writing to be a binding obligation or agreement. Each Purchaser shall have the right, in its sole
         and absolute discretion, to refuse or decline to participate in any other financing of or investment
         in the Company, and shall have no obligation to assist or cooperate with the Company in
         obtaining any financing, investment or other assistance.



                     [Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signatures to follow on next page.]




         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                   Page 18 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Series B Preferred Stock
         Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                                        COMPANY:


                                                        By:________________________
                                                             Susan MacKay, President

         INVESTORS:

         The undersigned hereby subscribes for _______ shares of Series B Preferred Stock of Cerahelix,
         Inc. for the total purchase price of $____________________ US Dollars.

         Are shares to be held jointly?        ____ yes ____no.       If so, with whom to be held
         ________________________.


         [FOR ENT IT Y INV EST OR USE                       [FOR INDIV IDUA L INV EST OR USE
         FOL L OW ING SIGNA T UR E BL OCK:]                 FOL L OW ING SIGNA T UR E BL OCK:]

         Name:                                              Name:
                        [TYPE NAME OF ENTITY]                              [T Y PE NA M E ON L INE]

         By:                                                By:
                        [SIGN HERE]                                            [SIGN HER E]
         Title:


         CONVERTIBLE NOTEHOLDERS:

         Principal Amount of Note: $_________________


         [FOR ENT IT Y NOT EHOL DER USE                     [FOR INDIV IDUA L NOT EHOL DER USE
         FOL L OW ING SIGNA T UR E BL OCK:]                 FOL L OW ING SIGNA T UR E BL OCK:]

         Name:                                              Name:
                        [TYPE NAME OF ENTITY]                              [T Y PE NA M E ON L INE]

         By:                                                By:
                        [SIGN HERE]                                            [SIGN HER E]
         Title:



         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                          Page 19 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                                  List of Exhibits


         Exhibit A – Schedule of Purchasers, Noteholders, and Series B Adjustment


         Exhibit B – Fifth Restated Certificate of Incorporation


         Exhibit C – Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement


         Exhibit D – Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement


         Exhibit E – Amended and Restated Voting Agreement


         Exhibit F – Disclosure Schedules


         Exhibit G – Opinion of Company Counsel


         Exhibit H - Warrant




         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                            Page 20 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                                        Exhibit A
                                 List of Purchasers and Noteholders; Series B Adjustment

         Purchasers:




         Noteholders:




         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                   Page 21 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Existing Series B adjustments pursuant to Section 1.5:




         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                            Page 22 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                                        Exhibit A
                                 List of Purchasers and Noteholders; Series B Adjustment

         Purchasers:




         Noteholders:




         Existing Series B adjustments pursuant to Section 1.5:




         {EP - 02705706 - v3 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 23 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                         FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
                                        CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                                     OF

                                                  CERAHELIX, INC.

                                        (Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the
                                    General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)

                CERAHELIX, INC. a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the
         provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “General Corporation
         Law”),

                   DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

                       1.      That the name of this corporation is Cerahelix, Inc. and that this
         corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the General Corporation Law on January 3,
         2011under the name Cerahelix, Inc.

                          2.      That the Certificate of Incorporation of Cerahelix, Inc. was amended and
         restated in its entirety on April 5, 2012.

                      3.      That the Certificate of Incorporation of Cerahelix, Inc. was subsequently
         amended and restated in its entirety on February 17, 2016.

                      4.      That the Certificate of Incorporation of Cerahelix, Inc. was subsequently
         amended and restated in its entirety on June 20, 2017.

                        5.      That the Board of Directors duly adopted resolutions proposing to amend
         and restate the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation, declaring said amendment and
         restatement to be advisable and in the best interests of this corporation and its stockholders, and
         authorizing the appropriate officers of this corporation to solicit the consent of the stockholders
         therefor, which resolution setting forth the proposed amendment and restatement is as follows:

                         RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended
         and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                             FIRST: The name of this corporation is Cerahelix, Inc. (the “Corporation”).

                      SECOND: The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of
         Delaware is the 505 Brookfield Drive, in the City of Dover, County of Kent, Zip Code
         19901.The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporate Systems Inc.

                       THIRD: The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is
         to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the
         General Corporation Law.

                       FOURTH: The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the
         Corporation shall have authority to issue is (i) Thirty-Five Million Five Hundred and Fifty
         Thousand (35,550,000) shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (“Common

         {EP - 02707485 - v2 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 24 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Stock”), and (ii) Twenty-Two Million Two Hundred and Fifty-Five Thousand (22,255,000)
         shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (“Preferred Stock”).

                 The following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights,
         and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capital stock
         of the Corporation.

                A.      COMMON STOCK

                        1.      General. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the
         Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of the holders
         of the Preferred Stock set forth herein.

                         2.       Voting. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for
         each share of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of
         meetings) ; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common
         Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
         that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders
         of such affected series entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more
         other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation or pursuant to the
         General Corporation Law. There shall be no cumulative voting. The number of authorized
         shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares
         thereof then outstanding) by (in addition to any vote of the holders of one or more series of
         Preferred Stock that may be required by the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation) the
         affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Corporation representing a
         majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation
         entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation
         Law.

                B.      PREFERRED STOCK

                 Of the authorized Preferred Stock of the Corporation, (i) One Million Six Hundred and
         Ninety-Five Thousand (1,695,000) shares of the authorized Preferred Stock of the Corporation
         are hereby designated as “Series AA Preferred Stock”; Five Million Two Hundred Thousand
         (5,200,000) shares of the authorized Preferred Stock of the Corporation are hereby designated as
         “Series A Preferred Stock”, and Fifteen Million Three Hundred and Sixty Thousand
         (15,360,000) shares of the authorized Preferred Stock of the Corporation are hereby designated
         as “Series B Preferred Stock,” each with the following rights, preferences powers, privileges,
         and restrictions, qualifications, and limitations (collectively the “Preferred Stock”).

                        1.        Dividends.

                               1.1     Series B Dividends. The Corporation shall not declare, pay or set
         aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation
         (other than dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless
         (in addition to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Certificate of
         Incorporation) the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or
         simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock in an

                                                   {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                         2
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 25 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         amount at least equal to (i) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that
         is convertible into Common Stock, that dividend per share of Series B Preferred Stock as would
         equal the product of (A) the dividend payable on each share of such class or series determined, if
         applicable, as if all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (B)
         the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series B
         Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled
         to receive such dividend or (ii) in the case of a dividend on any class or series that is not
         convertible into Common Stock, at a rate per share of Series B Preferred Stock determined by
         (A) dividing the amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class or series of capital
         stock by the original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate
         adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
         recapitalization with respect to such class or series) and (B) multiplying such fraction by an
         amount equal to the Series B Original Issue Price (as defined below); provided that, if the
         Corporation declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one
         class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, the dividend payable to the holders of Series B
         Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 1 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the
         class or series of capital stock that would result in the highest Series B Preferred Stock dividend.
         The “Series B Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.$0.2444 per share, subject to appropriate
         adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
         recapitalization with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock.

                                  1.2     Series A Dividends. Provided the Corporation has paid any
         dividend required to be paid by Section 1.1 in full, the Corporation shall not declare, pay or set
         aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation
         (other than dividends on shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless
         (in addition to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Certificate of
         Incorporation) the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or
         simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock in an
         amount at least equal to (i) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that
         is convertible into Common Stock, that dividend per share of Series A Preferred Stock as would
         equal the product of (A) the dividend payable on each share of such class or series determined, if
         applicable, as if all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (B)
         the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series A
         Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled
         to receive such dividend or (ii) in the case of a dividend on any class or series that is not
         convertible into Common Stock, at a rate per share of Series A Preferred Stock determined by
         (A) dividing the amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class or series of capital
         stock by the original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate
         adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
         recapitalization with respect to such class or series) and (B) multiplying such fraction by an
         amount equal to the Series A Original Issue Price (as defined below); provided that, if the
         Corporation declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one
         class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, the dividend payable to the holders of Series A
         Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 1 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the
         class or series of capital stock that would result in the highest Series A Preferred Stock dividend.
         The “Series A Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.25 per share, subject to appropriate


                                                   {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                        3
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 26 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
         recapitalization with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock.


                                1.3     Series AA Dividends. Except as provided in Section 1.1 and as
         provided in Section 1.2, the Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on
         shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation (other than dividends on
         shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition to the
         obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Certificate of Incorporation) the holders of
         the Series AA Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a
         dividend on each outstanding share of Series AA Preferred Stock in an amount at least equal to
         (i) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that is convertible into
         Common Stock, that dividend per share of Series AA Preferred Stock as would equal the product
         of (A) the dividend payable on each share of such class or series determined, if applicable, as if
         all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (B) the number of
         shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series AA Preferred Stock, in
         each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive such
         dividend or (ii) in the case of a dividend on any class or series that is not convertible into
         Common Stock, at a rate per share of Series AA Preferred Stock determined by (A) dividing the
         amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class or series of capital stock by the
         original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate adjustment
         in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with
         respect to such class or series) and (B) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal to the
         Series AA Original Issue Price (as defined below); provided that, if the Corporation declares,
         pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class or series of
         capital stock of the Corporation, the dividend payable to the holders of Series AA Preferred
         Stock pursuant to this Section 1 shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or series
         of capital stock that would result in the highest Series AA Preferred Stock dividend. The “Series
         AA Original Issue Price” shall mean $0.25 per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the
         event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with
         respect to the Series AA Preferred Stock.


                       2.         Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up; Certain Mergers, Consolidations
         and Asset Sales.

                                 2.1   Preferential Payments to Holders of Series B Preferred Stock. In
         the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
         Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock then
         outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for
         distribution to its stockholders before any payment shall be made to the holders of shares of
         Series A Preferred Stock, Series AA Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their
         ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the Series B Original Issue
         Price plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, or (ii) such amount per share as would
         have been payable had all shares of Series B Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock
         pursuant to Section 4 immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution, winding up or Deemed
         Liquidation Event (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafter referred to as the
         “Series B Liquidation Amount”). If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
                                                   {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                       4
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 27 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation available for
         distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series B
         Preferred Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled under this Subsection 2.1, the
         holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets
         available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be
         payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or
         with respect to such shares were paid in full.

                                2.2    Preferential Payments to Holders of Series A Preferred Stock. In
         the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
         Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, provided that the holders of the shares of Series B
         Preferred Stock have received payment in full of the Series B Liquidation Amount, the holders of
         shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets
         of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders before any payment shall be made
         to the holders of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their
         ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the Series A Original Issue
         Price plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, or (ii) such amount per share as would
         have been payable had all shares of Series A Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock
         pursuant to Section 4 immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution, winding up or Deemed
         Liquidation Event (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafter referred to as the
         “Series A Liquidation Amount”). If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
         the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation available for
         distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of shares of Series A
         Preferred Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled under this Subsection 2.1, the
         holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets
         available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be
         payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or
         with respect to such shares were paid in full.

                                  2.3    Preferential Payments to Holders of Series AA Preferred Stock. In
         the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
         Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, provided that the holders of the shares of Series B
         Preferred Stock have received payment in full of the Series B Liquidation Amount, and further
         provided that provided that the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock have received
         payment in full of the Series A Liquidation Amount, the holders of shares of Series AA Preferred
         Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available
         for distribution to its stockholders before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common
         Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the
         Series AA Original Issue Price plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, or, or (ii) such
         amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series AA Preferred Stock been
         converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 immediately prior to such liquidation,
         dissolution, winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event (the amount payable pursuant to this
         sentence is hereinafter referred to as the “Series AA Liquidation Amount”). If upon any such
         liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the
         assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay
         the holders of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled
         under this Subsection 2.2, the holders of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock shall share ratably
         in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts
                                                    {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                         5
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 28 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if
         all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full.

                                2.4    Payments to Holders of Common Stock. In the event of any
         voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed
         Liquidation Event, after the payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid to the
         holders of shares of Preferred Stock, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for
         distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Common
         Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder.

                                  2.5   Deemed Liquidation Events.

                                        2.5.1 Definition.       Each of the following events shall be
         considered a “Deemed Liquidation Event” unless the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the
         outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock elect otherwise by written notice sent to the
         Corporation at least ten (10) days prior to the effective date of any such event:

                                                (a)    a merger or consolidation in which

                                                       (i)    the Corporation is a constituent party or

                                                       (ii)   a subsidiary of the Corporation is a
                                                              constituent party and the Corporation issues
                                                              shares of its capital stock pursuant to such
                                                              merger or consolidation,

         except any such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary in which the
         shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
         consolidation continue to represent, or are converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock
         that represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at least a majority, by voting
         power, of the capital stock of (1) the surviving or resulting corporation or (2) if the surviving or
         resulting corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation immediately following
         such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation of such surviving or resulting corporation;
         or

                                                (b)    the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other
         disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation or any
         subsidiary of the Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation.

                                        2.5.2   Effecting a Deemed Liquidation Event.

                                               (a)     The Corporation shall not have the power to effect a
         Deemed Liquidation Event referred to in Subsection 2.4.1(a)(i) unless the agreement or plan of
         merger or consolidation for such transaction (the “Merger Agreement”) provides that the
         consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation shall be allocated among the
         holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Subsections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3.

                                               (b)       In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event referred
         to in Subsection 2.4.1(a)(ii) or 2.4.1(b), if the Corporation does not effect a dissolution of the
                                                   {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                       6
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 29 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Corporation under the General Corporation Law within 90 days after such Deemed Liquidation
         Event, then the Corporation shall use the consideration received by the Corporation for such
         Deemed Liquidation Event (net of any retained liabilities associated with the assets sold or
         technology licensed, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation),
         together with any other assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, all
         to the extent permitted by Delaware law governing distributions to stockholders (the “Available
         Proceeds”), on the 150th day after such Deemed Liquidation Event, to redeem all outstanding
         shares of Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to the Series B Liquidation Amount, in the
         case of the Series B Preferred Shares, and the Series A Liquidation Amount, in the case of the
         Series A Preferred Shares, and the Series AA Liquidation Amount, in the case of the Series AA
         Preferred Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a redemption pursuant to the
         preceding sentence, if the Available Proceeds are not sufficient to redeem all outstanding shares
         of Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall: (1) first, redeem all of the outstanding shares of Series
         B Preferred Stock, if such Available Proceeds are sufficient to do so, or otherwise a pro rata
         portion of share of Series B Preferred Stock to the fullest extent of such Available Proceeds,
         based on the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares of
         Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed if the Available Proceeds were sufficient to redeem all
         such shares of Series B Preferred stock; (2) second, redeem all of the outstanding shares of
         Series A Preferred Stock, if such Available Proceeds are sufficient to do so, or otherwise a pro
         rata portion of share of Series A Preferred Stock to the fullest extent of such Available Proceeds,
         based on the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares of
         Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed if the Available Proceeds were sufficient to redeem all
         such shares; and (3) third, redeem all of the outstanding shares of Series AA Preferred stock, if
         such Available Proceeds are sufficient to do so, or otherwise a pro rata portion of each holder’s
         share of Series AA Preferred Stock to the fullest extent of such Available Proceeds, based on the
         respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares of series AA
         Preferred Stock to be redeemed if the Available Proceeds were sufficient to redeem all such
         shares. Where such redemption is limited by the amount of Available Proceeds, the Corporation
         shall redeem the remaining shares which should have been redeemed as soon as practicable after
         the Corporation has funds legally available therefor. The provisions of Section 6 shall apply,
         with such necessary changes in the details thereof as are necessitated by the context, to the
         redemption of the Preferred Stock pursuant to this Subsection 2.4.2(b). Prior to the distribution
         or redemption provided for in this Subsection 2.4.2(b), the Corporation shall not expend or
         dissipate the consideration received for such Deemed Liquidation Event, except to discharge
         expenses incurred in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event or in the ordinary course
         of business.

                                         2.5.3 Amount Deemed Paid or Distributed. The amount deemed
         paid or distributed to the holders of capital stock of the Corporation upon any such merger,
         consolidation, sale, transfer, exclusive license, other disposition or redemption shall be the cash
         or the value of the property, rights or securities paid or distributed to such holders by the
         Corporation or the acquiring person, firm or other entity.

                                       2.5.4 Allocation of Escrow and Contingent Consideration. In the
         event of a Deemed Liquidation Event pursuant to Subsection 2.4.1(a)(i), if any portion of the
         consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation is payable only upon satisfaction of
         contingencies (the “Additional Consideration”), the Merger Agreement shall provide that (a)
         the portion of such consideration that is not Additional Consideration (such portion, the “Initial
                                                  {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                      7
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 30 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Consideration”) shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in
         accordance with Subsections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 as if the Initial Consideration were the only
         consideration payable in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event and (b) any Additional
         Consideration which becomes payable to the stockholders of the Corporation upon satisfaction of
         such contingencies shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in
         accordance with Subsections 2.1,2.2, and 2.3 after taking into account the previous payment of
         the Initial Consideration as part of the same transaction. For the purposes of this Subsection
         2.4.4, consideration placed into escrow or retained as holdback to be available for satisfaction of
         indemnification or similar obligations in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event shall
         be deemed to be Additional Consideration.

                        3.        Voting.

                                3.1     General. On any matter presented to the stockholders of the
         Corporation for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation
         (or by written consent of stockholders in lieu of meeting), (i) each holder of outstanding shares
         of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the number of
         whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such
         holder are convertible as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such
         matter; (ii) each holder of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cast
         the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the
         shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible as of the record date for
         determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter, and (iii) each holder of outstanding
         shares of Series AA Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the
         number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series AA Preferred Stock
         held by such holder are convertible as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to
         vote on such matter. Except as provided by law, by the other provisions of the Certificate of
         Incorporation, or by other agreements between the Corporation and the holders of Preferred
         Stock, holders of Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a
         single class.

                                 3.2     Election of Directors. The Board of directors of the Corporation
         shall consist of six (6) directors. The holders of record of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
         and the Series AA Preferred Stock, voting together exclusively and as a separate class, shall be
         entitled to elect one (1) Director of the Corporation (the “Series A Director”); the holders of the
         outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, exclusively and as a separate class, shall be
         entitled to elect two (2) Directors of the Corporation (each a “Series B Director” and
         collectively the “Series B Directors”), one of which shall be designated exclusively by
         PureTerra Ventures, and the other of which shall be elected by the holders of Series B Preferred
         Stock (with the exception of Pure Terra Ventures, which shall not vote), voting exclusively and
         as a class; the holders record of the shares of Common Stock, voting exclusively and as a
         separate class, shall be entitled to elect one (1) Director of the Corporation, who must be the
         Company’s Chief Executive Officer. The remaining directors shall be chosen by the unanimous
         mutual consent of the four elected Directors. Any director elected as provided in the preceding
         sentence may be removed without cause by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of
         the shares of the class or series of capital stock entitled to elect such director or directors, given
         either at a special meeting of such stockholders duly called for that purpose or pursuant to a
         written consent of stockholders. If the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock fail to elect
                                                    {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                         8
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 31 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         a sufficient number of directors to fill all directorships for which they are entitled to elect
         directors, voting exclusively and as a separate class, pursuant to the first sentence of this
         Subsection 3.2, then any directorship not so filled shall remain vacant until such time as the
         holders of the Series B Preferred Stock elect a person to fill such directorship by vote or written
         consent in lieu of a meeting; and no such directorship may be filled by stockholders of the
         Corporation other than by the stockholders of the Corporation that are entitled to elect a person
         to fill such directorship, voting exclusively and as a separate class. At any meeting held for the
         purpose of electing a director, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of
         the outstanding shares of the class or series entitled to elect such director shall constitute a
         quorum for the purpose of electing such director. Except as otherwise provided in this
         Subsection 3.2, a vacancy in any directorship filled by the holders of any class or series shall be
         filled only by vote or written consent in lieu of a meeting of the holders of such class or series or
         by any remaining director or directors elected by the holders of such class or series pursuant to
         this Subsection 3.2. If the Board of Directors is deadlocked on any matter before the Board of
         Directors for vote, such matter shall be submitted to the shareholders for vote and may be
         approved upon the affirmative vote of the shareholders holding a majority of the issued and
         outstanding shares of stock, in which all shares of Preferred Stock shall vote on an as-converted
         basis.

                                3.3    Series B Preferred Stock Protective Provisions. At any time when
         shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, either directly or
         indirectly by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise, do any of the following without (in
         addition to any other vote required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation) the written consent
         or affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the then outstanding shares of
         Series B Preferred Stock, given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting (as the
         case may be) separately as a class:

                                       3.3.1 liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the business and affairs of
         the Corporation, effect any merger or consolidation or any other Deemed Liquidation Event, or
         consent to any of the foregoing;

                                        3.3.2 amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of
         Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation in a manner that adversely affects the powers,
         preferences or rights of the Series B Preferred Stock;

                                         3.3.3 create, or authorize the creation of any additional class or
         series of capital stock, or increase the authorized number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock or
         increase the authorized number of shares of any additional class or series of capital stock or
         modify the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock;

                                          3.3.4 (i) reclassify, alter or amend any existing security of the
         Corporation that is pari passu with the Series B Preferred Stock in respect of the distribution of
         assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the payment of dividends
         or rights of redemption, if such reclassification, alteration or amendment would render such other
         security senior to the Series B Preferred Stock in respect of any such right, preference or
         privilege, or (ii) reclassify, alter or amend any existing security of the Corporation that is junior
         to the Series B Preferred Stock in respect of the distribution of assets on the liquidation,
         dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the payment of dividends or rights of redemption,
                                                   {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                        9
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 32 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         if such reclassification, alteration or amendment would render such other security senior to or
         pari passu with the Series B Preferred Stock in respect of any such right, preference or privilege;

                                        3.3.5 purchase or redeem (or permit any subsidiary to purchase
         or redeem) or pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution on, any shares of capital
         stock of the Corporation other than (i) redemptions of or dividends or distributions on the Series
         B Preferred Stock as expressly authorized herein, and (ii) repurchases of stock from former
         employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons who performed services for the
         Corporation or any subsidiary in connection with the cessation of such employment or service at
         the lower of the original purchase price or the then-current fair market value thereof.

                                       3.3.6 create, or authorize the creation of, or issue, or authorize
         the issuance of any debt security, or permit any subsidiary to take any such action with respect to
         any debt security unless such debt security has received the prior approval of the Board of
         Directors, including the approval of the Series B Directors;

                                          3.3.7 create, or hold capital stock in, any subsidiary that is not
         wholly owned (either directly or through one or more other subsidiaries) by the Corporation, or
         sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any capital stock of any direct or indirect subsidiary of the
         Corporation, or permit any direct or indirect subsidiary to sell, lease, transfer, exclusively license
         or otherwise dispose (in a single transaction or series of related transactions) of all or
         substantially all of the assets of such subsidiary;

                                       3.3.8 increase the authorized number of directors constituting the
         Board of Directors beyond six (6)) directors, or decrease the authorized number of directors
         constituting the Board of Directors below six (6) directors;

                                       3.3.9 change the principal business, nature or character of the
         Corporation, enter new lines of business, or exit the current line of business;

                                       3.3.10 adopt the annual accounts or grant discharges to the Board
         of Directors for such accounts;

                                        3.3.11 change, assign, or dismiss the auditor of the Corporation; or

                                       3.3.12 establish or close down offices or branches, add a new
         line of business, close a line of business, or any combination of the above that results in a
         moratorium of payment or bankruptcy of the Corporation (including Chapter 11 bankruptcy).

                        4.        Optional Conversion.

               The holders of the Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the
         “Conversion Rights”):

                                  4.1   Right to Convert.

                                        4.1.1 Conversion Ratio. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be
         convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without
         the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and
                                                 {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                      10
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                          Page 33 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined (i) in the case of the Series B Preferred
         Stock, by dividing the Series B Original Issue Price by the Series B Conversion Price (as defined
         below); (ii) in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, by dividing the Series A Original Issue
         Price by the Series A Conversion Price (as defined below); and (iii) in the case of the Series AA
         Preferred Stock, dividing the Series AA Original Issue Price by the Series AA Conversion Price
         (as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The “Series AA Conversion Price” shall
         initially be equal to the Series AA Original Issue Price. The “Series A Conversion Price” shall
         initially be equal to the Series A Original Issue Price. The “Series B Conversion Price” shall
         initially be equal to the Series B Original Issue Price For purposes hereof, the Series B
         Conversion Price, the Series A Conversion Price, and the Series AA Conversion Price,
         collectively, shall be referred to as the “Preferred Conversion Price” and individually as the
         “applicable Preferred Conversion Price”. Each Preferred Conversion Price, and the rate at
         which shares of Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock, shall be subject
         to adjustment as provided below.

                                         4.1.2 Termination of Conversion Rights. In the event of a notice
         of redemption of any shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6, the Conversion Rights of
         the shares designated for redemption shall terminate at the close of business on the last full day
         preceding the date fixed for redemption, unless the redemption price is not fully paid on such
         redemption date, in which case the Conversion Rights for such shares shall continue until such
         price is paid in full. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or a
         Deemed Liquidation Event, the Conversion Rights shall terminate at the close of business on the
         last full day preceding the date fixed for the payment of any such amounts distributable on such
         event to the holders of Preferred Stock.

                                4.2    Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
         issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares to which the
         holder would otherwise be entitled, the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction
         multiplied by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined in good faith by
         the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Whether or not fractional shares would be issuable
         upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Preferred
         Stock the holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the aggregate number of
         shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion.

                                  4.3   Mechanics of Conversion.

                                        4.3.1 Notice of Conversion. In order for a holder of Preferred
         Stock to voluntarily convert shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, such holder
         shall (a) provide written notice to the Corporation’s transfer agent at the office of the transfer
         agent for the Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the Corporation if the Corporation
         serves as its own transfer agent) that such holder elects to convert all or any number of such
         holder’s shares of Preferred Stock and, if applicable, any event on which such conversion is
         contingent and (b), if such holder’s shares are certificated, surrender the certificate or certificates
         for such shares of Preferred Stock (or, if such registered holder alleges that such certificate has
         been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to
         the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the
         Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate), at the office
         of the transfer agent for the Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the Corporation if the
                                                   {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                         11
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 34 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Corporation serves as its own transfer agent). Such notice shall state such holder’s name or the
         names of the nominees in which such holder wishes the shares of Common Stock to be issued. If
         required by the Corporation, any certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
         accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
         Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or his, her or its attorney duly authorized in
         writing. The close of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or by the Corporation
         if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) of such notice and, if applicable, certificates
         (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) shall be the time of conversion (the “Conversion
         Time”), and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the specified shares shall
         be deemed to be outstanding of record as of such date. The Corporation shall, as soon as
         practicable after the Conversion Time (i) issue and deliver to such holder of Preferred Stock, or
         to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common
         Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof and a certificate
         for the number (if any) of the shares of Preferred Stock represented by the surrendered certificate
         that were not converted into Common Stock, (ii) pay in cash such amount as provided in
         Subsection 4.2 in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such
         conversion and (iii) pay all declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock
         converted.

                                       4.3.2 Reservation of Shares The Corporation shall at all times
         when the Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized
         but unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Stock,
         such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
         sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Preferred Stock; and if at any time the
         number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the
         conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall take such
         corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common
         Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without
         limitation, engaging in best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary
         amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation. Before taking any action which would cause an
         adjustment reducing the applicable Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of
         Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take any
         corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the
         Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
         at such adjusted Conversion Price.

                                       4.3.3 Effect of Conversion. All shares of Preferred Stock which
         shall have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed to be
         outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at
         the Conversion Time, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common
         Stock in exchange therefor, to receive payment in lieu of any fraction of a share otherwise
         issuable upon such conversion as provided in Subsection 4.2 and to receive payment of any
         dividends declared but unpaid thereon. Any shares of Preferred Stock so converted shall be
         retired and cancelled and may not be reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may
         thereafter take such appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be
         necessary to reduce the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock accordingly.


                                                 {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                        12
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                          Page 35 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                      4.3.4 No Further Adjustment. Upon any such conversion, no
         adjustment to the Preferred Conversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid
         dividends on the Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered
         upon conversion.

                                        4.3.5 Taxes. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and
         other similar taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of
         Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 4. The
         Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
         any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name other
         than that in which the shares of Preferred Stock so converted were registered, and no such
         issuance or delivery shall be made unless and until the person or entity requesting such issuance
         has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of
         the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

                                  4.4   Adjustments to Applicable Preferred Conversion Price for Diluting
         Issues.

                                        4.4.1 Special Definitions. For purposes of this Article Fourth,
         the following definitions shall apply:

                                               (a)    “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to
         subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.


                                               (b)     “Series B Original Issue Date” shall mean the date
         on which the first share of Series B Preferred Stock was issued.

                                              (c)      “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences
         of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable
         for Common Stock, but excluding Options.

                                              (d)    “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall
         mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Subsection 4.4.3 below, deemed to be
         issued) by the Corporation after the Series B Original Issue Date, other than (1) the following
         shares of Common Stock and (2) shares of Common Stock deemed issued pursuant to the
         following Options and Convertible Securities (clauses (1) and (2), collectively, “Exempted
         Securities”):

                                                        (i)       shares of Common Stock, Options or
                                                                  Convertible Securities issued as a dividend
                                                                  or distribution on Preferred Stock;

                                                        (ii)      shares of Common Stock, Options or
                                                                  Convertible Securities issued by reason of a
                                                                  dividend, stock split, split-up or other
                                                                  distribution on shares of Common Stock that
                                                                  is covered by Subsection 4.5, 4.6, 4.7 or 4.8;

                                                 {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                           13
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 36 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                                      (iii)   shares of Common Stock or Options issued
                                                              to employees or directors of, or consultants
                                                              or advisors to, the Corporation or any of its
                                                              subsidiaries pursuant to a plan, agreement or
                                                              arrangement approved by the Board of
                                                              Directors of the Corporation, provided such
                                                              approval includes approval by the Series B
                                                              Directors;

                                                      (iv)    shares of Common Stock or Convertible
                                                              Securities actually issued upon the exercise
                                                              of Options or shares of Common Stock
                                                              actually issued upon the conversion or
                                                              exchange of Convertible Securities, in each
                                                              case provided such issuance is pursuant to
                                                              the terms of such Option or Convertible
                                                              Security as approved by the Board of
                                                              Directors, provided such approval includes
                                                              approval by the Series B Directors; or

                                                      (v)     shares of Series B Preferred Stock sold
                                                              pursuant to that certain Series B Preferred
                                                              Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of
                                                              March 13, 2018 by and among the
                                                              Corporation and the Purchasers (as defined
                                                              therein);

                                                      (vi)    shares of Common Stock, Options or
                                                              Convertible Securities issued to banks,
                                                              equipment lessors or other financial
                                                              institutions, suppliers, vendors, or to real
                                                              property lessors, pursuant to a debt
                                                              financing, equipment leasing or real
                                                              property leasing transaction approved by the
                                                              Board of Directors of the Corporation,
                                                              provided such approval includes approval by
                                                              the Series B Directors.

                                        4.4.2 No Adjustment of Applicable Preferred Conversion Price.
         No adjustment in the applicable Preferred Conversion Price shall be made as the result of the
         issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Corporation receives
         written notice from (i) in the case of the Series B Conversion Price, the holders of at least two-
         thirds (2/3) of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock agreeing that no such
         adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of such Additional
         Shares of Common Stock (ii) in the case of the Series A Conversion Price, the holders of at least
         two-thirds (2/3) of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock agreeing that no such
         adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of such Additional
         Shares of Common Stock; or (iii) in the case of the Series AA Conversion Price, the holders of
                                                  {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                     14
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 37 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         at least two-thirds (2/3) of the then outstanding shares of Series AA Preferred Stock agreeing that
         no such adjustment shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of such
         Additional Shares of Common Stock.

                                        4.4.3   Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

                                                (a)    If the Corporation at any time or from time to time
         after the Series A Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities
         (excluding Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities) or shall
         fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any
         such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
         (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to
         exercisability, convertibility or exchangeability but without regard to any provision contained
         therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options
         or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such
         Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of
         the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of
         business on such record date.

                                                (b)     If the terms of any Option or Convertible Security,
         the issuance of which resulted in an adjustment to the applicable Preferred Conversion Price
         pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4.4.4, are revised as a result of an amendment to such terms
         or any other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but
         excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions of
         such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase or decrease in the
         number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of
         any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase or decrease in the consideration
         payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, then, effective upon
         such increase or decrease becoming effective, the applicable Preferred Conversion Price
         computed upon the original issue of such Option or Convertible Security (or upon the occurrence
         of a record date with respect thereto) shall be readjusted to such applicable Preferred Conversion
         Price as would have obtained had such revised terms been in effect upon the original date of
         issuance of such Option or Convertible Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
         readjustment pursuant to this clause (b) shall have the effect of increasing the applicable
         Preferred Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the applicable Preferred
         Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the original adjustment made as a result of the
         issuance of such Option or Convertible Security, or (ii) the applicable Preferred Conversion Price
         that would have resulted from any issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock (other than
         deemed issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock as a result of the issuance of such
         Option or Convertible Security) between the original adjustment date and such readjustment
         date.

                                               (c)       If the terms of any Option or Convertible Security
         (excluding Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities), the
         issuance of which did not result in an adjustment to the applicable Preferred Conversion Price
         pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4.4.4 (either because the consideration per share (determined
         pursuant to Subsection 4.4.5) of the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto was
         equal to or greater than the applicable Preferred Conversion Price then in effect, or because such
                                                  {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                       15
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 38 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Option or Convertible Security was issued before the Series B Original Issue Date), are revised
         after the Series B Original Issue Date as a result of an amendment to such terms or any other
         adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding
         automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions of such
         Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase in the number of shares of
         Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of any such Option or
         Convertible Security or (2) any decrease in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
         such exercise, conversion or exchange, then such Option or Convertible Security, as so amended
         or adjusted, and the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto (determined in the
         manner provided in Subsection 4.4.3(a) shall be deemed to have been issued effective upon such
         increase or decrease becoming effective.

                                               (d)     Upon the expiration or termination of any
         unexercised Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Security (or portion thereof)
         which resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment
         to the applicable Preferred Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4.4.4, the
         applicable Preferred Conversion Price shall be readjusted to such applicable Preferred
         Conversion Price as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible Security (or portion
         thereof) never been issued.

                                               (e)      If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
         upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the
         consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, is
         calculable at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended but is subject to
         adjustment based upon subsequent events, any adjustment to the applicable Preferred Conversion
         Price provided for in this Subsection 4.4.3 shall be effected at the time of such issuance or
         amendment based on such number of shares or amount of consideration without regard to any
         provisions for subsequent adjustments (and any subsequent adjustments shall be treated as
         provided in clauses (b) and (c) of this Subsection 4.4.3). If the number of shares of Common
         Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible
         Security, or the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or
         exchange, cannot be calculated at all at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or
         amended, any adjustment to the applicable Preferred Conversion Price that would result under
         the terms of this Subsection 4.4.3 at the time of such issuance or amendment shall instead be
         effected at the time such number of shares and/or amount of consideration is first calculable
         (even if subject to subsequent adjustments), assuming for purposes of calculating such
         adjustment to the applicable Preferred Conversion Price that such issuance or amendment took
         place at the time such calculation can first be made.

                                       4.4.4 Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of
         Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the
         Series B Original Issue Date issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional
         Shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Subsection 4.4.3), without
         consideration or for a consideration per share less than the Series B Conversion Price in effect
         immediately prior to such issue, then the applicable Preferred Conversion Price shall be reduced,
         concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent)
         determined in accordance with the following formula:

                                                 {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                       16
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 39 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                          CP2 = CP1* (A + B) ÷ (A + C).

         For purposes of the foregoing formula, the following definitions shall apply:

                                             (a)      “CP2” shall mean the applicable Preferred
         Conversion Price in effect immediately after such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock

                                           (b)     “CP1” shall mean the applicable Preferred
         Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common
         Stock;

                                               (c)     “A” shall mean the number of shares of Common
         Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock
         (treating for this purpose as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
         Options outstanding immediately prior to such issue or upon conversion or exchange of
         Convertible Securities (including the Preferred Stock) outstanding (assuming exercise of any
         outstanding Options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

                                                (d)   “B” shall mean the number of shares of Common
         Stock that would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had been issued
         at a price per share equal to CP1 (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received by
         the Corporation in respect of such issue by CP1); and

                                            (e)    “C” shall mean the number of such Additional
         Shares of Common Stock issued in such transaction.

                                      4.4.5 Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this
         Subsection 4.4, the consideration received by the Corporation for the issue of any Additional
         Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

                                              (a)     Cash and Property: Such consideration shall:

                                                      (i)     insofar as it consists of cash, be computed at
                                                              the aggregate amount of cash received by
                                                              the Corporation, excluding amounts paid or
                                                              payable for accrued interest;

                                                      (ii)    insofar as it consists of property other than
                                                              cash, be computed at the fair market value
                                                              thereof at the time of such issue, as
                                                              determined in good faith by the Board of
                                                              Directors of the Corporation; and

                                                      (iii)        in the event Additional Shares of Common
                                                                  Stock are issued together with other shares
                                                                  or securities or other assets of the
                                                                  Corporation for consideration which covers
                                                                  both, be the proportion of such consideration
                                                                  so received, computed as provided in
                                                 {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                           17
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 40 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                                              clauses (i) and (ii) above, as determined in
                                                              good faith by the Board of Directors of the
                                                              Corporation.

                                               (b)   Options and Convertible Securities.         The
         consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock
         deemed to have been issued pursuant to Subsection 4.4.3, relating to Options and Convertible
         Securities, shall be determined by dividing

                                                       (i)    the total amount, if any, received or
                                                              receivable by the           Corporation      as
                                                              consideration for the issue of such Options
                                                              or Convertible Securities, plus the minimum
                                                              aggregate      amount        of      additional
                                                              consideration (as set forth in the instruments
                                                              relating thereto, without regard to any
                                                              provision contained therein for a subsequent
                                                              adjustment of such consideration) payable to
                                                              the Corporation upon the exercise of such
                                                              Options or the conversion or exchange of
                                                              such Convertible Securities, or in the case of
                                                              Options for Convertible Securities, the
                                                              exercise of such Options for Convertible
                                                              Securities and the conversion or exchange of
                                                              such Convertible Securities, by

                                                       (ii)   the maximum number of shares of Common
                                                              Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating
                                                              thereto, without regard to any provision
                                                              contained therein for a subsequent
                                                              adjustment of such number) issuable upon
                                                              the exercise of such Options or the
                                                              conversion or exchange of such Convertible
                                                              Securities, or in the case of Options for
                                                              Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
                                                              Options for Convertible Securities and the
                                                              conversion or exchange of such Convertible
                                                              Securities.

                                         4.4.6 In the event the Corporation shall issue on more than one
         date Additional Shares of Common Stock that are a part of one transaction or a series of related
         transactions and that would result in an adjustment to applicable Preferred Conversion Price
         pursuant to the terms of Subsection 4.4.4, and such issuance dates occur within a period of no
         more than ninety (90) days from the first such issuance to the final such issuance, then, upon the
         final such issuance, the applicable Preferred Conversion Price shall be readjusted to give effect
         to all such issuances as if they occurred on the date of the first such issuance (and without giving
         effect to any additional adjustments as a result of any such subsequent issuances within such
         period.
                                                  {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                         18
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 41 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                4.5    Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation
         shall at any time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date effect a subdivision
         of the outstanding Common Stock, the Preferred Conversion Price for each Series of Preferred
         Stock in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased so that the
         number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be
         increased in proportion to such increase in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
         outstanding. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Series B Original
         Issue Date combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Preferred Conversion Price for
         each Series of Preferred Stock in effect immediately before that combination shall be
         proportionately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion
         of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in the aggregate
         number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Any adjustment under this subsection shall
         become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes
         effective.

                                4.6    Adjustment for Certain Dividends and Distributions. In the event
         the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date shall
         make or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
         receive, a dividend or other distribution payable on the Common Stock in additional shares of
         Common Stock, then and in each such event the applicable Preferred Conversion Price in effect
         immediately before such event shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event
         such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by
         multiplying the applicable Preferred Conversion Price for each Series of Preferred Stock then in
         effect by a fraction:

                                       (1)     the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares
         of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
         close of business on such record date, and

                                        (2)    the denominator of which shall be the total number of
         shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
         or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
         in payment of such dividend or distribution.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing (a) if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is
         not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the applicable
         Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date
         and thereafter the applicable Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this subsection as of
         the time of actual payment of such dividends or distributions; and (b) that no such adjustment
         shall be made if the holders of such series of Preferred Stock simultaneously receive a dividend
         or other distribution of shares of Common Stock in a number equal to the number of shares of
         Common Stock as they would have received if all outstanding shares of such series of Preferred
         Stock had been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event.

                                4.7    Adjustments for Other Dividends and Distributions. In the event
         the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Series B Original Issue Date shall
         make or issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to
         receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in securities of the Corporation (other than a
                                                 {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                       19
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 42 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         distribution of shares of Common Stock in respect of outstanding shares of Common Stock) or in
         other property and the provisions of Section 1 do not apply to such dividend or distribution, then
         and in each such event the holders of Preferred Stock shall receive, simultaneously with the
         distribution to the holders of Common Stock, a dividend or other distribution of such securities
         or other property in an amount equal to the amount of such securities or other property as they
         would have received if all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock had been converted into
         Common Stock on the date of such event.

                                 4.8     Adjustment for Merger or Reorganization, etc. Subject to the
         provisions of Subsections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 if there shall occur any reorganization,
         recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger involving the Corporation in which the
         Common Stock (but not the Preferred Stock) is converted into or exchanged for securities, cash
         or other property (other than a transaction covered by Subsections 4.4, 4.6 or 4.7), then,
         following any such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger,
         each share of Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible in lieu of the Common Stock into
         which it was convertible prior to such event into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other
         property which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation issuable
         upon conversion of one share of Preferred Stock immediately prior to such reorganization,
         recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger would have been entitled to receive
         pursuant to such transaction; and, in such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good
         faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) shall be made in the application of the
         provisions in this Section 4 with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the holders of the
         Preferred Stock, to the end that the provisions set forth in this Section 4 (including provisions
         with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the applicable Conversion Price) shall
         thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to any securities or other
         property thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. For the avoidance of
         doubt, nothing in this Subsection 4.8 shall be construed as preventing the holders of Series AA
         Preferred Stock from seeking any appraisal rights to which they are otherwise entitled under the
         DGCL in connection with a merger triggering an adjustment hereunder, nor shall this Subsection
         4.8 be deemed conclusive evidence of the fair value of the shares of Series AA Preferred Stock
         in any such appraisal proceeding.

                                4.9     Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
         adjustment or readjustment of the applicable Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4, the
         Corporation, at its expense, shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any event not later
         than ten (10) days thereafter, compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the
         terms hereof and furnish to each holder of such series of Preferred Stock so affected by such
         adjustment or readjustment a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment (including
         the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property into which such series of Preferred
         Stock is convertible) and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment
         is based. The Corporation shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the written request
         at any time of any holder of any series of Preferred Stock, but in any event not later than ten (10)
         days thereafter, furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a certificate setting forth: (i) the
         applicable Conversion Price then in effect; and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and
         the amount, if any, of other securities, cash or property which then would be received upon the
         conversion of such series of Preferred Stock.


                                                  {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                         20
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                              Page 43 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                  4.10   Notice of Record Date. In the event:

                                                 (a)     the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of
         its Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon conversion of the
         Preferred Stock) for the purpose of entitling or enabling them to receive any dividend or other
         distribution, or to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any
         class or any other securities, or to receive any other security; or

                                             (b)    of any capital reorganization of the Corporation,
         any reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation, or any Deemed Liquidation Event;
         or

                                              (c)    of          the        voluntary or   involuntary dissolution,
         liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation,

         then, and in each such case, the Corporation will send or cause to be sent to the holders of the
         Preferred Stock a notice specifying, as the case may be, (i) the record date for such dividend,
         distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (ii)
         the effective date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, transfer,
         dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is proposed to take place, and the time, if any is to be
         fixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or
         securities at the time issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock) shall be entitled to
         exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities) for securities
         or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
         transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, and the amount per share and character of such
         exchange applicable to the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock. Such notice shall be sent at
         least ten (10) days prior to the record date or effective date for the event specified in such notice.

                         5.       Mandatory Conversion.

                                 5.1     Trigger Events. Upon either (a) the closing of the sale of shares of
         Common Stock to the public in a firm-commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an
         effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, resulting in at least
         Thirty-five Million Dollars ($35,000,000) of gross proceeds to the Corporation or (b) the date
         and time, or the occurrence of an event, specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at
         least two-thirds (2/3) of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock (the time of such
         closing or the date and time specified or the time of the event specified in such vote or written
         consent is referred to herein as the “Mandatory Conversion Time”), (i) all outstanding shares
         of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock, at the then
         effective conversion rate as calculated pursuant to Subsection 4.1.1. and (ii) such shares may not
         be reissued by the Corporation.

                                5.2     Procedural Requirements. All holders of record of shares of
         Preferred Stock shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Time and the place
         designated for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to this
         Section 5. Such notice need not be sent in advance of the occurrence of the Mandatory
         Conversion Time. Upon receipt of such notice, each holder of shares of Preferred Stock in
         certificated form shall surrender his, her or its certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if
                                                    {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                             21
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                          Page 44 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         such holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate
         affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation
         against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft
         or destruction of such certificate) to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice. If so
         required by the Corporation, any certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or
         accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
         Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or by his, her or its attorney duly authorized
         in writing. All rights with respect to the Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Subsection 5.1,
         including the rights, if any, to receive notices and vote (other than as a holder of Common
         Stock), will terminate at the Mandatory Conversion Time (notwithstanding the failure of the
         holder or holders thereof to surrender any certificates at or prior to such time), except only the
         rights of the holders thereof, upon surrender of any certificate or certificates of such holders (or
         lost certificate affidavit and agreement) therefor, to receive the items provided for in the next
         sentence of this Subsection 5.2. As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Time
         and, if applicable, the surrender of any certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and
         agreement) for the Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall (a) issue and deliver to such holder, or
         to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common
         Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof and (b) pay cash as
         provided in Subsection 4.2 in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable
         upon such conversion and the payment of any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of
         Preferred Stock converted. Such converted Preferred Stock shall be retired and cancelled and
         may not be reissued as shares of such series, and the Corporation may thereafter take such
         appropriate action (without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the
         authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock accordingly.

                        FIFTH: Subject to any additional vote required by the Certificate of
         Incorporation or Bylaws, in furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute,
         the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind any or
         all of the Bylaws of the Corporation.

                         SIXTH: Subject to any additional vote required by the Certificate of
         Incorporation, the number of directors of the Corporation shall be determined in the manner set
         forth in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

                       SEVENTH: Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the
         Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.

                        EIGHTH: Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of
         Delaware, as the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide. The books of the Corporation may be
         kept outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to
         time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.

                        NINTH: To the fullest extent permitted by law, a director of the Corporation
         shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for
         breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the General Corporation Law or any other law of the
         State of Delaware is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article Ninth to
         authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then

                                                   {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                         22
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 45 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
         permitted by the General Corporation Law as so amended.

                Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article Ninth by the
         stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of
         the Corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of the Corporation
         with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal or
         modification.

                       TENTH: The following indemnification provisions shall apply to the persons
         enumerated below.

                 1.      Right to Indemnification of Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall
         indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently
         exists or may hereafter be amended, any person (an “Indemnified Person”) who was or is made
         or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding,
         whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a “Proceeding”), by reason of the fact
         that such person, or a person for whom such person is the legal representative, is or was a
         director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was
         serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
         corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, enterprise or
         nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and
         loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys” fees) reasonably incurred by such Indemnified
         Person in such Proceeding. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise
         provided in Section 3 of this Article Tenth, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify an
         Indemnified Person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such
         Indemnified Person only if the commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the
         Indemnified Person was authorized in advance by the Board of Directors.

                2.      Prepayment of Expenses of Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall pay the
         expenses (including attorneys” fees) incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending any
         Proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that, to the extent required by
         law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be
         made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Indemnified Person to repay all amounts
         advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to be
         indemnified under this Article Tenth or otherwise.

                 3.      Claims by Directors and Officers. If a claim for indemnification or advancement
         of expenses under this Article Tenth is not paid in full within 30 days after a written claim
         therefor by the Indemnified Person has been received by the Corporation, the Indemnified Person
         may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part,
         shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the
         Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to the
         requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law.

                4.     Indemnification of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may indemnify and
         advance expenses to any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made or is otherwise
         involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such
                                                  {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                        23
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 46 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         person is the legal representative, is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or, while an
         employee or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
         director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture,
         limited liability company, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to
         employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorney’s
         fees) reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding. The ultimate
         determination of entitlement to indemnification of persons who are non-director or officer
         employees or agents shall be made in such manner as is determined by the Board of Directors in
         its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the Corporation shall not be required
         to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person if the Proceeding
         was not authorized in advance by the Board of Directors.

                5.     Advancement of Expenses of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may pay
         the expenses (including attorney’s fees) incurred by an employee or agent in defending any
         Proceeding in advance of its final disposition on such terms and conditions as may be determined
         by the Board of Directors.

                6.      Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Article
         Tenth shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire
         under any statute, provision of the certificate of incorporation, these by-laws, agreement, vote of
         stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

                 7.      Other Indemnification. The Corporation’s obligation, if any, to indemnify any
         person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer or employee of another
         Corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, organization or other
         enterprise shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification from such
         other Corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, organization or
         other enterprise.

                 8.     Insurance. The Board of Directors may, to the full extent permitted by applicable
         law as it presently exists, or may hereafter be amended from time to time, authorize an
         appropriate officer or officers to purchase and maintain at the Corporation’s expense insurance:
         (a) to indemnify the Corporation for any obligation which it incurs as a result of the
         indemnification of directors, officers and employees under the provisions of this Article Tenth;
         and (b) to indemnify or insure directors, officers and employees against liability in instances in
         which they may not otherwise be indemnified by the Corporation under the provisions of this
         Article Tenth.

                 9.     Amendment or Repeal. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of
         this Article Tenth shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person in
         respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. The
         rights provided hereunder shall inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Person and such person’s
         heirs, executors and administrators.

                                                      *     *     *




                                                 {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                       24
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                   Page 47 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                        6.      That the foregoing amendment and restatement was approved by the
         holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordance with Section 228 of
         the General Corporation Law.

                        7.      That this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which
         restates and integrates and further amends the provisions of this Corporation’s Certificate of
         Incorporation, has been duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General
         Corporation Law.

                IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has
         been executed by a duly authorized officer of this corporation on March 13, 2018.

                                                           By:
                                                           Susan MacKay, President




                                               {EP - 02707485 - v2 }                      25
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 48 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                       AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTORS’ RIGHTS AGREEMENT

                 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTORS’ RIGHTS AGREEMENT (the
         “Agreement”) is made as of the 13th day of March, 2018, by and among CERAHELIX, INC., a
         Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and each of the investors listed on Schedule A hereto,
         each of which is referred to in this Agreement as an “Investor,” and each of the stockholders
         listed on Schedule B hereto, each of whom is referred to herein as a “Key Holder”, (each a
         “Party” and collectively referred to herein as the “Parties”).

                                                       RECITALS

                          WHEREAS, the Company and certain of the Investors entered into an Investors’
         Rights Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2013, which was subsequently amended and restated
         on February 17, 2016, and June 14, 2017, pursuant to which the Company granted the Investors
         certain rights (the “Prior Rights Agreement”);

                        WHEREAS, certain of the Investors together with new purchasers are parties to
         the Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement of even date (the “Purchase Agreement”),
         and it is a condition to the closing of the sale of the Company’s Series B Preferred Stock (as
         defined below) Purchase Agreement that the Investors and the Company execute and deliver this
         Agreement; and

                        WHEREAS, the terms of the Prior Rights Agreement may be amended and
         restated only by a written instrument executed by the Company and the holders of a majority of
         the shares then outstanding; and

                         WHEREAS, the parties to the Prior Rights Agreement have agreed to amend and
         restate the Prior Rights Agreement in its entirety as set forth herein and substitute the rights and
         covenants granted in this Agreement in full substitution for their rights and covenants under the
         Prior Rights Agreement; and

                         WHEREAS, in order to induce the Company to enter into the Purchase
         Agreement and to induce the Investors to invest funds in the Company pursuant to the Purchase
         Agreement, the Investors and the Company hereby agree that this Agreement shall govern the
         rights of the Investors to cause the Company to register shares of Common Stock issuable to the
         Investors, to receive certain information from the Company, and to participate in future equity
         offerings by the Company, and shall govern certain other matters as set forth in this Agreement;

                       NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set
         forth herein, and other consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
         acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

                             Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 49 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                          1.1 “Affiliate” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person
           who, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such
           Person, including without limitation any general partner, managing member, officer or director
           of such Person or any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or
           more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management company
           with, such Person.

                         1.2 “Common Stock” means shares of the Company’s Common Stock, par
           value $0.001per share.

                           1.3 “Competitor” means a Person engaged, directly or indirectly
           (including through any partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture or
           similar arrangement (whether now existing or formed hereafter), in the filtration business, but
           shall not include any financial investment firm or collective investment vehicle that, together
           with its Affiliates, holds less than 50% of the outstanding equity of any Competitor.

                           1.4 “Damages” means any loss, damage, claim or liability (joint or several) to
           which a party hereto may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other
           federal or state law, insofar as such loss, damage, claim or liability (or any action in respect
           thereof) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
           material fact contained in any registration statement of the Company, including any
           preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained therein or any amendments or
           supplements thereto; (ii) an omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
           required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or
           (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the indemnifying party (or any of its agents or
           Affiliates) of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law, or any rule or
           regulation promulgated under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any state securities law.

                          1.5 “Derivative Securities” means any securities or rights convertible into, or
           exercisable or exchangeable for (in each case, directly or indirectly), Common Stock, including
           options and warrants.

                          1.6 “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
           and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                          1.7 “Excluded Registration” means (i) a registration relating to the sale of
           securities to employees of the Company or a subsidiary pursuant to a stock option, stock
           purchase, or similar plan; (ii) a registration relating to an SEC Rule 145 transaction; (iii) a
           registration on any form that does not include substantially the same information as would be
           required to be included in a registration statement covering the sale of the Registrable

         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                         2
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                           Page 50 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           Securities; or (iv) a registration in which the only Common Stock being registered is Common
           Stock issuable upon conversion of debt securities that are also being registered.

                          1.8 “Form S-1” means such form under the Securities Act as in effect on the
           date hereof or any successor registration form under the Securities Act subsequently adopted
           by the SEC.

                          1.9 “Form S-3” means such form under the Securities Act as in effect on the
           date hereof or any registration form under the Securities Act subsequently adopted by the SEC
           that permits incorporation of substantial information by reference to other documents filed by
           the Company with the SEC.

                                 1.10 “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United
           States.

                                 1.11 “Holder” means any holder of Registrable Securities who is a party to this
           Agreement.

                           1.12 “Immediate Family Member” means a child, stepchild, grandchild,
           parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law,
           son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships,
           of a natural person referred to herein. For purposes of this Agreement, a person will be deemed
           to be a "domestic partner" of another person if the two persons (i) reside in the same residence
           and plan to do so indefinitely, (ii) have resided together for at least one year, (iii) are each at
           least 18 years of age and mentally competent to consent to contract, (iv) are not blood relatives
           any closer than would prohibit legal marriage in the state in which they reside, (v) are
           financially interdependent, as demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company and
           (vi) have each been the sole spouse equivalent of the other for the year prior to the transfer and
           plan to remain so indefinitely; provided that a person will not be considered a domestic partner
           if he or she is married to another person or has any other spouse equivalent.

                           1.13 “Initiating Holders” means, collectively, Holders who properly initiate a
           registration request under this Agreement.

                      1.14 “IPO” means the Company’s first underwritten public offering of its
           Common Stock under the Securities Act.

                           1.15 “Major Investor” means any Investor that, individually or together with
           such Investor’s Affiliates, invests a total amount of two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) in
           the Series B Preferred Stock of the Company including amounts invested in Series B Preferred
           Stock prior to the date of this Agreement.
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                               3
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 51 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                           1.16 “New Securities” means, collectively, equity securities of the Company,
           whether or not currently authorized, as well as rights, options, or warrants to purchase such
           equity securities, or securities of any type whatsoever that are, or may become, convertible or
           exchangeable into or exercisable for such equity securities.

                          1.17 “Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, limited
           liability company, association or other entity.

                          1.18 “Preferred Stock” means, collectively, shares of the Company’s Series
           AA Preferred Stock, par value $0.001,shares of the Company’s Series A Preferred Stock, par
           value $0.001, and shares of the Company’s Series B Preferred Stock, par value $0.001.

                         1.19 “Purchase Agreement” means the Series B Preferred Stock Purchase
           Agreement of even date herewith by and among the Company and certain of the Investors.

                           1.20 “Registrable Securities” means (i) the Common Stock issuable or issued
           upon conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock; (ii) the Common Stock issuable or issued
           upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock; (iii) the Common Stock issuable or issued
           upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock; (iv) any Common Stock, or any Common
           Stock issued or issuable (directly or indirectly) upon conversion and/or exercise of any other
           securities of the Company, acquired by the Investors after the date hereof; and (v) any
           Common Stock issued as (or issuable upon the conversion or exercise of any warrant, right, or
           other security that is issued as) a dividend or other distribution with respect to, or in exchange
           for or in replacement of, the shares referenced in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above; excluding in
           all cases, however, any Registrable Securities sold by a Person in a transaction in which the
           applicable rights under this Agreement are not assigned pursuant to Subsection 6, and
           excluding for purposes of Section 2 any shares for which registration rights have terminated
           pursuant to Subsection 2.12 of this Agreement.

                          1.21 “Registrable Securities then outstanding” means the number of shares
           determined by adding the number of shares of outstanding Common Stock that are Registrable
           Securities and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable (directly or indirectly) pursuant
           to then exercisable and/or convertible securities that are Registrable Securities.

                          1.22 “Restricted Securities” means the securities of the Company required to
           bear the legend set forth in Section 3.4 hereof.

                                 1.23 “SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                 1.24 “SEC Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the
           Securities Act.
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                             4
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 52 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                 1.25 “SEC Rule 145” means Rule 145 promulgated by the SEC under the
           Securities Act.

                          1.26 “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
           rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                          1.27 “Selling Expenses” means all underwriting discounts, selling
           commissions, and stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities, and fees
           and disbursements of counsel for any Holder, except for the fees and disbursements of the
           Selling Holder Counsel borne and paid by the Company as provided in Subsection 2.6.

                          1.28 “Series AA Preferred Stock” means shares of the Company’s Series AA
           Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share.

                          1.29 “Series A Preferred Stock” means shares of the Company’s Series A
           Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share.

                          1.30 “Series B Preferred Stock” means shares of the Company’s Series B
           Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share.

                   2.        Registration Rights. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

                                 2.1   Demand Registration.

                                (a)     Form S-1 Demand. If at any time after the earlier of (i) the date of
         this Agreement or (ii) ninety (90) days after the effective date of the registration statement for the
         IPO, the Company receives a request from Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities
         then outstanding that the Company file a Form S-1 registration statement with respect to all of
         the Registrable Securities requested to be registered, and the anticipated aggregate offering price,
         net of Selling Expenses, will exceed $1 million, then the Company shall (x) within ten (10) days
         after the date such request is given, give notice thereof (the “Demand Notice”) to all Holders
         other than the Initiating Holders; and (y) as soon as practicable, and in any event within one
         hundred and twenty (120) days after the date such request is given by the Initiating Holders, file
         a Form S-1 registration statement under the Securities Act covering all Registrable Securities
         that the Initiating Holders requested to be registered and any additional Registrable Securities
         requested to be included in such registration by any other Holders, as specified by notice given
         by each such Holder to the Company within twenty (20) days of the date the Demand Notice is
         given, and in each case, subject to the limitations of Subsection 2.1(c) and Subsection 2.3.
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, Investors may not request registration unless the Company has
         (i) at least Twenty-five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) in trailing twelve (12) month gross

         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                              5
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 53 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         revenue and Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in trailing twelve (12) month EBITDA at the time
         of the request.

                                (b)     Form S-3 Demand. If at any time when it is eligible to use a Form
         S-3 registration statement, the Company receives a request from Holders of at least twenty
         percent (20%) of the Registrable Securities then outstanding that the Company file a Form S-3
         registration statement with respect to outstanding Registrable Securities of such Holders having
         an anticipated aggregate offering price, net of Selling Expenses, of at least $1 million, then the
         Company shall (i) within ten (10) days after the date such request is given, give a Demand
         Notice to all Holders other than the Initiating Holders; and (ii) as soon as practicable, and in any
         event within forty-five (45) days after the date such request is given by the Initiating Holders,
         file a Form S-3 registration statement under the Securities Act covering all Registrable Securities
         requested to be included in such registration by any other Holders, as specified by notice given
         by each such Holder to the Company within twenty (20) days of the date the Demand Notice is
         given, and in each case, subject to the limitations of Subsection 2.1(c) and Subsection 2.3.

                                  (c)    Notwithstanding the foregoing obligations, if the Company
         furnishes to Holders requesting a registration pursuant to this Subsection 2.1 a certificate signed
         by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer stating that in the good faith judgment of the
         Company’s Board of Directors it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its
         stockholders for such registration statement to either become effective or remain effective, then
         the Company shall have the right to defer taking action with respect to such filing, and any time
         periods with respect to filing or effectiveness thereof shall be tolled correspondingly, for a period
         of not more than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the request of the Initiating Holders is
         given; provided, however, that the Company may not invoke this right more than twice in any
         twelve (12) month period; and provided further that the Company shall not register any securities
         for its own account or that of any other stockholder during such 60 day periods other than
         pursuant to a registration relating to the sale of securities to employees of the Company or a
         subsidiary pursuant to a stock option, stock purchase, or similar plan; a registration on any form
         that does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a
         registration statement covering the sale of the Registrable Securities; or a registration in which
         the only Common Stock being registered is Common Stock issuable upon conversion of debt
         securities that are also being registered.

                                  (d)    The Company shall not be obligated to effect, or to take any action
         to effect, any registration pursuant to Subsection 2.1(a)(i) during the period that is sixty (60) days
         before the Company’s good faith estimate of the date of filing of, and ending on a date that is one
         hundred eighty (180) days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated registration, provided,
         that the Company is actively employing in good faith commercially reasonable efforts to cause
         such registration statement to become effective; (ii) after the Company has effected two
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                           6
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 54 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         registrations pursuant to Subsection 2.1(a); or (iii) if the Initiating Holders propose to dispose of
         shares of Registrable Securities that may be immediately registered on Form S-3 pursuant to a
         request made pursuant to Subsection 2.1(b). The Company shall not be obligated to effect, or to
         take any action to effect, any registration pursuant to Subsection 2.1(b) (i) during the period that
         is thirty (30) days before the Company’s good faith estimate of the date of filing of, and ending
         on a date that is ninety (90) days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated registration,
         provided, that the Company is actively employing in good faith commercially reasonable efforts
         to cause such registration statement to become effective; or (ii) if the Company has effected two
         registrations pursuant to Subsection 2.1(b) within the twelve (12) month period immediately
         preceding the date of such request. A registration shall not be counted as “effected” for purposes
         of this Subsection 2.1(d) until such time as the applicable registration statement has been
         declared effective by the SEC, unless the Initiating Holders withdraw their request for such
         registration, and forfeit their right to one demand registration statement pursuant to Subsection
         2.6, in which case such withdrawn registration statement shall be counted as “effected” for
         purposes of this Subsection 2.1(d).

                           2.2 Company Registration. If the Company proposes to register (including,
           for this purpose, a registration effected by the Company for stockholders other than the
           Holders) any of its Common Stock under the Securities Act in connection with the public
           offering of such securities solely for cash (other than in an Excluded Registration), the
           Company shall, at such time, promptly give each Holder notice of such registration. Upon the
           request of each Holder given within twenty (20) days after such notice is given by the
           Company, the Company shall, subject to the provisions of Subsection 2.3, cause to be
           registered all of the Registrable Securities that each such Holder has requested to be included
           in such registration. The Company shall have the right to terminate or withdraw any
           registration initiated by it under this Subsection 2.2 before the effective date of such
           registration, whether or not any Holder has elected to include Registrable Securities in such
           registration. The expenses (other than Selling Expenses) of such withdrawn registration shall
           be borne by the Company in accordance with Subsection 2.6.

                                 2.3   Underwriting Requirements.

                                 (a)    If, pursuant to Subsection 2.1, the Initiating Holders intend to
         distribute the Registrable Securities covered by their request by means of an underwriting, they
         shall so advise the Company as a part of their request made pursuant to Subsection 2.1, and the
         Company shall include such information in the Demand Notice. The underwriter(s) will be
         selected by the Initiating Holders, subject only to the reasonable approval of the Company. In
         such event, the right of any Holder to include such Holder’s Registrable Securities in such
         registration shall be conditioned upon such Holder’s participation in such underwriting and the
         inclusion of such Holder’s Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                              7
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 55 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         herein. All Holders proposing to distribute their securities through such underwriting shall
         (together with the Company as provided in Subsection 2.4(e)) enter into an underwriting
         agreement in customary form with the underwriter(s) selected for such underwriting.
         Notwithstanding any other provision of this Subsection 2.3, if the underwriter(s) advise(s) the
         Initiating Holders in writing that marketing factors require a limitation on the number of shares
         to be underwritten, then the Initiating Holders shall so advise all Holders of Registrable
         Securities that otherwise would be underwritten pursuant hereto, and the number of Registrable
         Securities that may be included in the underwriting shall be allocated among such Holders of
         Registrable Securities, including the Initiating Holders, in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to
         the number of Registrable Securities owned by each Holder or in such other proportion as shall
         mutually be agreed to by all such selling Holders; provided, however, that the number of
         Registrable Securities held by the Holders to be included in such underwriting shall not be
         reduced unless all other securities are first entirely excluded from the underwriting. In
         connection with any offering involving an underwriting of shares of the Company’s capital stock
         pursuant to Subsection 2.2, the Company shall not be required to include any of the Holders’
         Registrable Securities in such underwriting unless the Holders accept the terms of the
         underwriting as agreed upon between the Company and its underwriters, and then only in such
         quantity as the underwriters in their sole discretion determine will not jeopardize the success of
         the offering by the Company. If the total number of securities, including Registrable Securities,
         requested by stockholders to be included in such offering exceeds the number of securities to be
         sold (other than by the Company) that the underwriters in their reasonable discretion determine is
         compatible with the success of the offering, then the Company shall be required to include in the
         offering only that number of such securities, including Registrable Securities, which the
         underwriters and the Company in their sole discretion determine will not jeopardize the success
         of the offering. If the underwriters determine that less than all of the Registrable Securities
         requested to be registered can be included in such offering, then the Registrable Securities that
         are included in such offering shall be allocated among the selling Holders in proportion (as
         nearly as practicable) to the number of Registrable Securities owned by each selling Holder or in
         such other proportions as shall mutually be agreed to by all such selling Holders.
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall (i) the number of Registrable Securities
         included in the offering be reduced unless all other securities (other than securities to be sold by
         the Company) are first entirely excluded from the offering, or (ii) the number of Registrable
         Securities included in the offering be reduced below thirty percent (30%) of the total number of
         securities included in such offering. For purposes of the provision in this Subsection 2.3(a)
         concerning apportionment, for any selling Holder that is a partnership, limited liability company,
         or corporation, the partners, members, retired partners, retired members, stockholders, and
         Affiliates of such Holder, or the estates and Immediate Family Members of any such partners,
         retired partners, members, and retired members and any trusts for the benefit of any of the
         foregoing Persons, shall be deemed to be a single “selling Holder,” and any pro rata reduction
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                          8
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 56 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         with respect to such “selling Holder” shall be based upon the aggregate number of Registrable
         Securities owned by all Persons included in such “selling Holder,” as defined in this sentence.

                                 (b)     For purposes of Subsection 2.1, a registration shall not be counted
         as “effected” if, as a result of an exercise of the underwriter’s cutback provisions in Subsection
         2.3(a), fewer than thirty percent (30%) of the total number of Registrable Securities that Holders
         have requested to be included in such registration statement are actually included.

                          2.4 Obligations of the Company. Whenever required under this Section 2 to
           effect the registration of any Registrable Securities, the Company shall, as expeditiously as
           reasonably possible:

                                 (a)     prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement with respect
         to such Registrable Securities and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such
         registration statement to become effective and, upon the request of the Holders of a majority of
         the Registrable Securities registered thereunder, keep such registration statement effective for a
         period of up to one hundred twenty (120) days or, if earlier, until the distribution contemplated in
         the registration statement has been completed; provided, however, that (i) such one hundred
         twenty (120) day period shall be extended for a period of time equal to the period the Holder
         refrains, at the request of an underwriter of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company,
         from selling any securities included in such registration, and (ii) in the case of any registration of
         Registrable Securities on Form S-3 that are intended to be offered on a continuous or delayed
         basis, subject to compliance with applicable SEC rules, such one hundred twenty (120) day
         period shall be extended for up to sixty (60) days, if necessary, to keep the registration statement
         effective until all such Registrable Securities are sold;

                                 (b)     prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements
         to such registration statement, and the prospectus used in connection with such registration
         statement, as may be necessary to comply with the Securities Act in order to enable the
         disposition of all securities covered by such registration statement;

                                (c)    furnish to the selling Holders such numbers of copies of a
         prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, as required by the Securities Act, and such other
         documents as the Holders may reasonably request in order to facilitate their disposition of their
         Registrable Securities;

                               (d)    use its commercially reasonable efforts to register and qualify the
         securities covered by such registration statement under such other securities or blue-sky laws of
         such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the selling Holders; provided that the
         Company shall not be required to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of

         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                           9
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 57 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         process in any such states or jurisdictions, unless the Company is already subject to service in
         such jurisdiction and except as may be required by the Securities Act;

                               (e)     in the event of any underwritten public offering, enter into and
         perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the
         underwriter(s) of such offering;

                                 (f)    use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such
         Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement to be listed on a national securities
         exchange or trading system and each securities exchange and trading system (if any) on which
         similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

                                (g)      provide a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable Securities
         registered pursuant to this Agreement and provide a CUSIP number for all such Registrable
         Securities, in each case not later than the effective date of such registration;

                                (h)     promptly make available for inspection by the selling Holders, any
         underwriter(s) participating in any disposition pursuant to such registration statement, and any
         attorney or accountant or other agent retained by any such underwriter or selected by the selling
         Holders, all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents, and properties of the
         Company, and cause the Company’s officers, directors, employees, and independent accountants
         to supply all information reasonably requested by any such seller, underwriter, attorney,
         accountant, or agent, in each case, as necessary or advisable to verify the accuracy of the
         information in such registration statement and to conduct appropriate due diligence in connection
         therewith;

                               (i)    notify each selling Holder, promptly after the Company receives
         notice thereof, of the time when such registration statement has been declared effective or a
         supplement to any prospectus forming a part of such registration statement has been filed; and

                                (j)     after such registration statement becomes effective, notify each
         selling Holder of any request by the SEC that the Company amend or supplement such
         registration statement or prospectus.

                       In addition, the Company shall ensure that, at all times after any registration
         statement covering a public offering of securities of the Company under the Securities Act shall
         have become effective, its insider trading policy shall provide that the Company’s directors may
         implement a trading program under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act.

                       2.5 Furnish Information. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of
           the Company to take any action pursuant to this Section 2 with respect to the Registrable
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                          10
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 58 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           Securities of any selling Holder that such Holder shall furnish to the Company such
           information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it, and the intended method of
           disposition of such securities as is reasonably required to effect the registration of such
           Holder’s Registrable Securities.

                            2.6 Expenses of Registration. All expenses (other than Selling Expenses)
           incurred in connection with registrations, filings, or qualifications pursuant to Section 2,
           including all registration, filing, and qualification fees; printers’ and accounting fees; fees and
           disbursements of counsel for the Company; and the reasonable fees and disbursements, of one
           counsel for the selling Holders (“Selling Holder Counsel”), shall be borne and paid by the
           Company up to $40,000; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay for
           any expenses of any registration proceeding begun pursuant to Subsection 2.1 if the
           registration request is subsequently withdrawn at the request of the Holders of a majority of the
           Registrable Securities to be registered (in which case all selling Holders shall bear such
           expenses pro rata based upon the number of Registrable Securities that were to be included in
           the withdrawn registration), unless the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities agree
           to forfeit their right to one registration pursuant to Subsection 2.1(a) or Subsection 2.1(b), as
           the case may be; provided further that if, at the time of such withdrawal, the Holders shall have
           learned of a material adverse change in the condition, business, or prospects of the Company
           from that known to the Holders at the time of their request and have withdrawn the request
           with reasonable promptness after learning of such information, then the Holders shall not be
           required to pay any of such expenses and shall not forfeit their right to one registration
           pursuant to Subsection 2.1(a) or Subsection 2.1(b). Except as provided above, all Selling
           Expenses relating to Registrable Securities registered pursuant to this Section 2 shall be borne
           and paid by the Holders pro rata on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities registered
           on their behalf.

                           2.7 Delay of Registration. No Holder shall have any right to obtain or seek an
           injunction restraining or otherwise delaying any registration pursuant to this Agreement as the
           result of any controversy that might arise with respect to the interpretation or implementation
           of this Section 2.

                         2.8 Indemnification. If any Registrable Securities are included in a registration
           statement under this Section 2:

                               (a)     To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and
         hold harmless each selling Holder, and the partners, members, officers, directors, and
         stockholders of each such Holder; legal counsel and accountants for each such Holder; any
         underwriter (as defined in the Securities Act) for each such Holder; and each Person, if any, who
         controls such Holder or underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                          11
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                     Page 59 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Act, against any Damages, and the Company will pay to each such Holder, underwriter,
         controlling Person, or other aforementioned Person any legal or other expenses reasonably
         incurred thereby in connection with investigating or defending any claim or proceeding from
         which Damages may result, as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the indemnity
         agreement contained in this Subsection 2.8(a) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of
         any such claim or proceeding if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company,
         which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, nor shall the Company be liable for any
         Damages to the extent that they arise out of or are based upon actions or omissions made in
         reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by or on behalf of any such
         Holder, underwriter, controlling Person, or other aforementioned Person expressly for use in
         connection with such registration.

                                (b)    To the extent permitted by law, each selling Holder, severally and
         not jointly, will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and each of its directors, each of its
         officers who has signed the registration statement, each Person (if any), who controls the
         Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, legal counsel and accountants for the
         Company, any underwriter (as defined in the Securities Act), any other Holder selling securities
         in such registration statement, and any controlling Person of any such underwriter or other
         Holder, against any Damages, in each case only to the extent that such Damages arise out of or
         are based upon actions or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
         information furnished by or on behalf of such selling Holder expressly for use in connection with
         such registration; and each such selling Holder will pay to the Company and each other
         aforementioned Person any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred thereby in connection
         with investigating or defending any claim or proceeding from which Damages may result, as
         such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this
         Subsection 2.8(b) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such claim or proceeding
         if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Holder, which consent shall not be
         unreasonably withheld; and provided further that in no event shall the aggregate amounts
         payable by any Holder by way of indemnity or contribution under Subsections 2.8(b) and 2.8(d)
         exceed the proceeds from the offering received by such Holder (net of any Selling Expenses paid
         by such Holder), except in the case of fraud or willful misconduct by such Holder.

                               (c)    Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this
         Subsection 2.8 of notice of the commencement of any action (including any governmental
         action) for which a party may be entitled to indemnification hereunder, such indemnified party
         will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this
         Subsection 2.8, give the indemnifying party notice of the commencement thereof. The
         indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in such action and, to the extent the
         indemnifying party so desires, participate jointly with any other indemnifying party to which
         notice has been given, and to assume the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                        12
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 60 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         the parties; provided, however, that an indemnified party (together with all other indemnified
         parties that may be represented without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain one
         separate counsel, with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if
         representation of such indemnified party by the counsel retained by the indemnifying party
         would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such indemnified
         party and any other party represented by such counsel in such action. The failure to give notice
         to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action
         shall relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the indemnified party under this
         Subsection 2.8, to the extent that such failure materially prejudices the indemnifying party’s
         ability to defend such action. The failure to give notice to the indemnifying party will not relieve
         it of any liability that it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Subsection
         2.8.

                                 (d)    To provide for just and equitable contribution to joint liability
         under the Securities Act in any case in which either (i) any party otherwise entitled to
         indemnification hereunder makes a claim for indemnification pursuant to this Subsection 2.8 but
         it is judicially determined (by the entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent
         jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right of appeal) that such
         indemnification may not be enforced in such case, notwithstanding the fact that this Subsection
         2.8 provides for indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Securities Act may
         be required on the part of any party hereto for which indemnification is provided under this
         Subsection 2.8, then, and in each such case, such parties will contribute to the aggregate losses,
         claims, damages, liabilities, or expenses to which they may be subject (after contribution from
         others) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of each of the
         indemnifying party and the indemnified party in connection with the statements, omissions, or
         other actions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability, or expense, as well as to reflect
         any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and of
         the indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the
         untrue or allegedly untrue statement of a material fact, or the omission or alleged omission of a
         material fact, relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified
         party and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information, and opportunity to
         correct or prevent such statement or omission; provided, however, that, in any such case, (x) no
         Holder will be required to contribute any amount in excess of the public offering price of all such
         Registrable Securities offered and sold by such Holder pursuant to such registration statement,
         and (y) no Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of
         the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such
         fraudulent misrepresentation; and provided further that in no event shall a Holder’s liability
         pursuant to this Subsection 2.8(d), when combined with the amounts paid or payable by such
         Holder pursuant to Subsection 2.8(b), exceed the proceeds from the offering received by such
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                          13
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 61 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Holder (net of any Selling Expenses paid by such Holder), except in the case of willful
         misconduct or fraud by such Holder.

                                (e)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the provisions on
         indemnification and contribution contained in the underwriting agreement entered into in
         connection with the underwritten public offering are in conflict with the foregoing provisions,
         the provisions in the underwriting agreement shall control.

                                 (f)    Unless otherwise superseded by an underwriting agreement
         entered into in connection with the underwritten public offering, the obligations of the Company
         and Holders under this Subsection 2.8 shall survive the completion of any offering of Registrable
         Securities in a registration under this Section 2, and otherwise shall survive the termination of
         this Agreement.

                           2.9 Reports Under Exchange Act. With a view to making available to the
           Holders the benefits of SEC Rule 144 and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at
           any time permit a Holder to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration or
           pursuant to a registration on Form S-3, the Company shall:

                                (a)      make and keep available adequate current public information, as
         those terms are understood and defined in SEC Rule 144, at all times after the effective date of
         the registration statement filed by the Company for the IPO;

                               (b)     use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC in a
         timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act
         and the Exchange Act (at any time after the Company has become subject to such reporting
         requirements); and

                                 (c)    furnish to any Holder, so long as the Holder owns any Registrable
         Securities, forthwith upon request (i) to the extent accurate, a written statement by the Company
         that it has complied with the reporting requirements of SEC Rule 144 (at any time after ninety
         (90) days after the effective date of the registration statement filed by the Company for the IPO),
         the Securities Act, and the Exchange Act (at any time after the Company has become subject to
         such reporting requirements), or that it qualifies as a registrant whose securities may be resold
         pursuant to Form S-3 (at any time after the Company so qualifies); (ii) a copy of the most recent
         annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the
         Company; and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested in availing any
         Holder of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such securities without
         registration (at any time after the Company has become subject to the reporting requirements
         under the Exchange Act) or pursuant to Form S-3 (at any time after the Company so qualifies to
         use such form).
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                         14
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 62 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                           2.10 Limitations on Subsequent Registration Rights. From and after the date of
           this Agreement, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Holders of a
           majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding, enter into any agreement with any
           holder or prospective holder of any securities of the Company that (i) would provide to such
           holder the right to include securities in any registration on other than either a pro rata basis
           with respect to the Registrable Securities or on a subordinate basis after all Holders have had
           the opportunity to include in the registration and offering all shares of Registrable Securities
           that they wish to so include.

                           2.11 “Market Stand-off” Agreement. Each Holder hereby agrees that it will
           not, without the prior written consent of the managing underwriter, during the period
           commencing on the date of the final prospectus relating to the registration by the Company for
           its own behalf of shares of its Common Stock, and ending on the date specified by the
           Company and the managing underwriter (such period not to exceed one hundred eighty (180)
           days in the case of the IPO) (i) lend; offer; pledge; sell; contract to sell; sell any option or
           contract to purchase; purchase any option or contract to sell; grant any option, right, or warrant
           to purchase; or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common
           Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable (directly or indirectly)
           for Common Stock held immediately before the effective date of the registration statement for
           such offering or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole
           or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such securities, whether any such
           transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or
           other securities, in cash, or otherwise. The foregoing provisions of this Subsection 2.11 shall
           apply only to the IPO, shall not apply to the sale of any shares to an underwriter pursuant to an
           underwriting agreement, or the transfer of any shares to any trust for the direct or indirect
           benefit of the Holder or the immediate family of the Holder, provided that the trustee of the
           trust agrees to be bound in writing by the restrictions set forth herein, and provided further that
           any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, and shall be applicable to the
           Holders only if all officers and directors are subject to the same restrictions and the Company
           uses commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a similar agreement from all stockholders
           individually owning more than one percent (1%) of the Company’s outstanding Common
           Stock (after giving effect to conversion into Common Stock of all outstanding Series AA
           Preferred Stock). The underwriters in connection with such registration are intended
           third-party beneficiaries of this Subsection 2.11 and shall have the right, power, and authority
           to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. Each Holder further
           agrees to execute such agreements as may be reasonably requested by the underwriters in
           connection with such registration that are consistent with this Subsection 2.11 or that are
           necessary to give further effect thereto. Any discretionary waiver or termination of the
           restrictions of any or all of such agreements by the Company or the underwriters shall apply
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                          15
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 63 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           pro rata to all Holders subject to such agreements, based on the number of shares subject to
           such agreements.

                           2.12 Termination of Registration Rights. The right of any Holder to request
           registration or inclusion of Registrable Securities in any registration pursuant to Subsection 2.1
           or Subsection 2.2 shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of:

                              (a)    the closing of a Deemed Liquidation Event, as such term is defined
         in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

                                (b)     such time as Rule 144 or another similar exemption under the
         Securities Act is available for the sale of all of such Holder’s shares without limitation during a
         three-month period without registration; and

                                    (c)    the fifth anniversary of the IPO.

                   3.        Information Rights.

                         3.1 Delivery of Financial Statements to Major Investors. The Company shall
           deliver to each Major Investor, provided that the Board of Directors has not reasonably
           determined that such Major Investor is a competitor of the Company:

                               (a)    as soon as practicable, but in any event within twenty (20) days
         after the end of each month such financial statements as the Board of Directors of the Company
         shall determine, with comparisons to a budget for the fiscal year prepared and against the prior
         period, and approved by the Board of Directors;

                              (b)   as soon as practicable, but in any event within thirty (30) days
         after the end of each of the first three (3) quarters of each fiscal year of the Company,)
         management reports with critical success factors established by the Board of Directors, and
         measured by key performance indicators to be approved by the Board of Directors;

                                 (c)    as soon as practicable, but in any event within sixty (60) days of
         the end of each fiscal year (beginning year-end 2017), (i) a balance sheet as of the end of such
         year, (ii) statements of income and of cash flows for such year, and a comparison between the
         actual amounts as of and for such fiscal year and the comparable amounts for the prior year, and
         (iii) a profit and loss statement as of the end of such year, all such financial statements to be
         reviewed by independent public accountants of the Company's choosing;

                                (d)    as soon as practicable, but in any event within sixty (60) days of
         the end of each year, or the date of each significant change in the number of issued shares of the

         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                            16
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 64 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         capital stock of the Company, a capitalization table showing the number of shares of each class
         and series of capital stock and securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of capital stock
         outstanding at the end of such period, the Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise
         of any outstanding securities convertible or exercisable for Common Stock and the exchange
         ratio or exercise price applicable thereto, the number of shares of issued stock options and stock
         options not yet issued but reserved for issuance, if any, and the percentage equity ownership of
         each Holder in the Company, and certified by the Chief Financial Officer or Chief Executive
         Officer of the Company;

                               (e)     as soon as practicable, but in any event within sixty (60) days of
         the end of each year, a Full Time Equivalent employee count certified by the Chief Financial
         Officer or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company; and

                               (f)     At least ten (10) days prior to the commencement of the new fiscal
         year, a Board of Directors approved budget for the following year.

                               (g)     By January 31st of the succeeding year, the total amount of capital
         and other financing invested or loaned in the prior year.

                         If, for any period, the Company has any subsidiary whose accounts are
         consolidated with those of the Company, then in respect of such period the financial statements
         delivered pursuant to the foregoing sections shall be the consolidated and consolidating financial
         statements of the Company and all such consolidated subsidiaries. Notwithstanding anything in
         this Section 3.1 to the contrary, in the event that the Pure Terra Series B director specifically
         requests, the Company shall provide the financial statements set forth in Section 3.1(c) and such
         financial statements shall be audited, rather than reviewed, by independent public accountants of
         the Company's choosing and at the Company’s expense.

                         Notwithstanding anything else in this Subsection 3.1 to the contrary, the
         Company may cease providing the information set forth in this Subsection 3.1 during the period
         starting with the date sixty (60) days before the Company’s good-faith estimate of the date of
         filing of a registration statement if it reasonably concludes it must do so to comply with the SEC
         rules applicable to such registration statement and related offering; provided that the Company’s
         covenants under this Subsection 3.1 shall be reinstated at such time as the Company is no longer
         actively employing its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to
         become effective.

                        3.2 Delivery of Financial Statements to Other Investors. The Company shall
         deliver to each Investor who is not a Major Investor, provided that the Board of Directors has not
         reasonably determined that such Investor is a competitor of the Company, the following

         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                          17
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 65 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         documents, which shall be provided to such Investors at the same time as provided to the Major
         Investors:

                                a. the annual operating budget as provided to the Major Investors
         pursuant to Section 3.1(f) above;

                                  b. a quarterly management report;

                               c. (i) an unaudited balance sheet for each fiscal quarter, (ii) unaudited
         statements of income and of cash flows for each fiscal quarter, and a comparison between the
         actual amounts as of and for such fiscal quarter and the comparable amounts for the prior year
         and against budget, and (iii) an unaudited profit and loss statement for each fiscal quarter, all
         prepared in accordance with GAAP (except that such financial statements may (i) be subject to
         normal year-end adjustments and (ii) not contain all notes thereto that may be required in
         accordance with GAAP); and

                                d. a balance sheet as of the end of each year, (ii) statements of income
         and of cash flows for each year, and a comparison between the actual amounts as of and for such
         fiscal year and the comparable amounts for the prior year, and (iii) a profit and loss statement as
         of the end of each year, all such financial statements to be reviewed by independent public
         accountants of the Company's choosing.

                        3.3 Inspection Rights of Major Investors. The Company shall permit each Major
         Investor (provided that the Board of Directors has not reasonably determined that such Major
         Investor is a competitor of the Company), to visit and inspect the Company’s properties;
         examine its books of account and records; and discuss the Company’s affairs, finances, and
         accounts with its officers, during normal business hours of the Company as may be reasonably
         requested by the Major Investor; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated
         pursuant to this Subsection 3.3 to provide access to any information that it reasonably and in
         good faith considers to be a trade secret or confidential information (unless covered by an
         enforceable confidentiality agreement, in form acceptable to the Company) or the disclosure of
         which would adversely affect the attorney-client privilege between the Company and its counsel.

                         3.4 Observer Rights Each Major Investor shall have the right to designate one
         (1) observer. Each observer shall have the right to attend all meetings of the Company's Board
         of Directors in a nonvoting observer capacity and, to receive copies of all notices, minutes,
         consents, and other materials that the Company provides to its directors at the same time and in
         the same manner as provided to such directors; provided, however, that such observer shall
         agree to hold in confidence and trust and to act in a fiduciary manner with respect to all
         information so provided; and provided further, that the Company reserves the right to withhold
         any information and to exclude such observer from any meeting or portion thereof if access to
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                         18
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 66 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         such information or attendance at such meeting could adversely affect the attorney-client
         privilege between the Company and its counsel or result in disclosure of trade secrets or a
         conflict of interest, or if such observer or its representative is a competitor of the Company.

                           3.5 Termination of Information and Observer Rights. The covenants set forth
         in Subsection 3.1, Subsection 3.2, Subsection 3.3, and Subsecton 3.4 shall terminate and be of
         no further force or effect (i) immediately before the consummation of the IPO, or (ii) when the
         Company first becomes subject to the periodic reporting requirements of Section 12(g) or 15(d)
         of the Exchange Act, or (iii) upon a Deemed Liquidation Event, as such term is defined in the
         Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, whichever event occurs first.

                           3.6 Confidentiality. Each Investor agrees that such Investor will keep
         confidential and will not disclose, divulge, or use for any purpose (other than to monitor its
         investment in the Company, including reports to its Board of Directors and investors) any
         confidential information obtained from the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
         (including notice of the Company’s intention to file a registration statement), unless such
         confidential information (a) is known or becomes known to the public in general (other than as a
         result of a breach of this Subsection 3.6 by such Investor), (b) is or has been independently
         developed or conceived by the Investor without use of the Company’s confidential information,
         or (c) is or has been made known or disclosed to the Investor by a third party without a breach of
         any obligation of confidentiality such third party may have to the Company; provided, however,
         that an Investor may disclose confidential information (i) to its attorneys, accountants,
         consultants, and other professionals to the extent necessary to obtain their services in connection
         with monitoring its investment in the Company; (ii) to any prospective purchaser of any
         Registrable Securities from such Investor, if such prospective purchaser agrees to be bound by
         the provisions of this Subsection 3.6; (iii) to any existing or prospective Affiliate, partner,
         member, stockholder, or wholly owned subsidiary of such Investor in the ordinary course of
         business, provided that such Investor informs such Person that such information is confidential
         and directs such Person to maintain the confidentiality of such information; or (iv) as may
         otherwise be required by law, provided that the Investor promptly notifies the Company of such
         disclosure and takes reasonable steps to minimize the extent of any such required disclosure.

                   4.        Rights to Future Stock Issuances.

                           4.1 Right of First Offer. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
         Subsection 4.1 and applicable securities laws, if the Company proposes to offer or sell any New
         Securities, the Company shall first offer such New Securities to Major Investors in accordance
         with this section.



         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                             19
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 67 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                 (a)    The Company shall give notice (the “Offer Notice”) to Major
         Investors stating (i) its bona fide intention to offer such New Securities, (ii) the number of such
         New Securities to be offered, and (iii) the price and terms, if any, upon which it proposes to offer
         such New Securities.

                                 (b)    By notification to the Company within fifteen (15) days after the
         Offer Notice is given, each Major Investor may elect to purchase or otherwise acquire, at the
         price and on the terms specified in the Offer Notice, up to that portion of such New Securities
         which equals the proportion that the Common Stock then held by such Major Investor (including
         all shares of Common Stock then issuable (directly or indirectly) upon conversion and/or
         exercise, as applicable, of the Preferred Stock and any other Derivative Securities then held by
         the Major Investor, as applicable, bears to the total Common Stock of the Company then
         outstanding (assuming full conversion and/or exercise, as applicable, of all Preferred Stock and
         other Derivative Securities). At the expiration of such fifteen (15) day period, the Company
         shall promptly notify each Major Investor that elects to purchase or acquire all the shares
         available to it (each, a “Fully Exercising Major Investor”) of any other Investor’s failure to do
         likewise. During the fifteen (15) day period commencing after the Company has given such
         notice, each Fully Exercising Major Investor may, by giving notice to the Company, elect to
         purchase or acquire, in addition to the number of shares specified above, up to that portion of the
         New Securities for which the Investors were entitled to subscribe but that were not subscribed
         for such Investors, as applicable, which is equal to the proportion that the Common Stock issued
         and held, or issuable (directly or indirectly) upon conversion and/or exercise, as applicable, of
         the Preferred Stock and any other Derivative Securities then held, by such Fully Exercising
         Investor bears to the Common Stock issued and held, or issuable (directly or indirectly) upon
         conversion and/or exercise, as applicable, of the Preferred Stock and any other Derivative
         Securities then held, by all Fully Exercising Major Investors who wish to purchase such
         unsubscribed shares. The closing of any sale pursuant to this Subsection 4.1(b) shall occur
         within the later of forty-five (45) days of the date that the Offer Notice is given and the date of
         initial sale of New Securities pursuant to Subsection 4.1(c).

                                  (c)   If all New Securities referred to in the Offer Notice are not elected
         to be purchased or acquired as provided in Subsection 4.1(b), the Company may, during the one
         hundred twenty (120) day period following the expiration of the periods provided in Subsection
         4.1(b), offer and sell the remaining unsubscribed portion of such New Securities to any Person or
         Persons at a price not less than, and upon terms no more favorable to the offeree than, those
         specified in the Offer Notice. If the Company does not enter into an agreement for the sale of the
         New Securities within such period, or if such agreement is not consummated within thirty (30)
         days of the execution thereof, the right provided hereunder shall be deemed to be revived and
         such New Securities shall not be offered unless first reoffered to the Investors in accordance with
         this Subsection 4.1.
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                         20
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                           Page 68 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                               (d)    The right of first offer in this Subsection 4.1 shall not be applicable
         to (i) Exempted Securities (as defined in the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation); and (ii)
         shares of Common Stock issued in the IPO; and (iii) the issuance of shares of Series B Preferred
         Stock to Additional Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.



                   5.            Additional Covenants.

                        5.1     Insurance. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
         obtain, within ninety (90) days of the date hereof, from financially sound and reputable insurers
         Directors and Officers liability insurance and term “key-person” insurance on the Key Holders,
         each in an amount and on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Board of Directors, (but in no
         event less than $1,000,000), and will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such
         insurance policies to be maintained until such time as the Board of Directors determines that
         such insurance should be discontinued. The key-person policy shall name the Company as loss
         payee, and neither policy shall be cancelable by the Company without prior approval by the
         Board of Directors. Each Key Holder hereby covenants and agrees that, to the extent such Key
         Holder is named under such key-person policy, such Key Holder will execute and deliver to the
         Company, as reasonably requested, a written notice and consent form with respect to such
         policy.

                        5.2    Employee Agreements. The Company will cause (i) each person now or
         hereafter employed by it or by any subsidiary (or engaged by the Company or any subsidiary as a
         consultant/independent contractor) with access to confidential information and/or trade secrets to
         enter into a nondisclosure and proprietary rights assignment agreement and (ii) each Key
         Employee to enter into a one (1) year noncompetition and nonsolicitation agreement, in a form
         reasonably acceptable to the Investors.

                 5.3    Stock Incentives. Unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors, all grants
         of restricted stock or Derivative Securities to employees, consultants and advisers of the
         Company shall be subject to vesting on such terms as shall be determined by the Company's
         Board of Directors.

                 5.4   Matters Requiring Investor Director Approval. So long as the holders of Series B
         Preferred Stock are entitled to elect any Series B Preferred Directors, the Company hereby
         covenants and agrees with each of the Investors that it shall not, without approval of the Board of
         Directors, which approval must include the affirmative votes of each of the Series B Preferred
         Directors:

                                       (a)    make, or permit any subsidiary to make, any loan or advance to, or
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                               21
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                           Page 69 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                    own any stock or other securities of, any subsidiary or other corporation, partnership, or
                    other entity unless it is wholly owned by the Company;

                                  (b)    make, or permit any subsidiary to make, any loan or advance to
                    any Person, including, without limitation, any employee or director of the Company or
                    any subsidiary, except advances and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of
                    business or under the terms of an employee stock or option plan approved by the Board
                    of Directors;

                                   (c)     guarantee or bind the Company for liabilities of others, directly or
                    indirectly, or permit any subsidiary to guarantee, or bind for liabilities of others directly
                    or indirectly, any indebtedness except for trade accounts of the Company or any
                    subsidiary arising in the ordinary course of business;

                                 (d)    make any investment inconsistent with any investment policy
                    approved by the Board of Directors;

                                   (e)     incur any aggregate indebtedness in excess of $100,000.00 that is
                    not already included in a budget approved by the Board of Directors, other than trade
                    credit incurred in the ordinary course of business;

                                   (f)     otherwise enter into or be a party to any transaction with any
                    director, officer, or employee of the Company or any “associate” (as defined in Rule
                    12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of any such Person, except for transactions
                    contemplated by this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement;

                                   (g)   hire, terminate, or change the compensation of the executive
                    officers, or of any employees, officers, directors or other persons who performed
                    services for the Company in excess of $100,000 including approving any option grants
                    or stock awards and the vesting schedule of such options;

                                   (h)     sell, assign, license, pledge, or encumber material technology or
                    intellectual property, other than licenses granted in the ordinary course of business

                                  (i)     conduct or settle any litigation or arbitration.

                 5.5    Board Matters. Unless otherwise determined by the vote of a majority of the
         directors then in office, the Board of Directors shall meet at least once every two months in
         accordance with an agreed-upon schedule. The Company shall reimburse the directors for all
         reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the
         Board of Directors.

                 5.6    Successor Indemnification. The Company will bind D&O insurance with a
         carrier and in any amount satisfactory to the Board of Directors. If the Company or any of its
         successors or assignees consolidates with or merges into any other Person and is not the
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                            22
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 70 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, then to the extent
         necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assignees of the Company
         assume the obligations of the Company with respect to indemnification of members of the Board
         of Directors as in effect immediately before such transaction, whether such obligations are
         contained in the Company’s Bylaws, its Certificate of Incorporation, or elsewhere, as the case
         may be.

                 5.7    Termination of Covenants. The covenants set forth in this Section 5 shall
         terminate and be of no further force or effect (i) immediately before the consummation of the
         IPO or (ii) when the Company first becomes subject to the periodic reporting requirements of
         Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or (iii) upon a Deemed Liquidation Event, as such
         term is defined in the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, whichever event occurs first.

                   6.        Miscellaneous.

                         6.1      Successors and Assigns. The rights under this Agreement may be
         assigned (but only with all related obligations) by a Holder to a transferee of Registrable
         Securities that (i) is an Affiliate of a Holder; (ii) is a Holder’s Immediate Family Member or trust
         for the benefit of an individual Holder or one or more of such Holder’s Immediate Family
         Members; or (iii) after such transfer, holds at least 10,000 shares of Registrable Securities
         (subject to appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, and other
         recapitalizations); provided, however, that (x) the Company is, within a reasonable time after
         such transfer, furnished with written notice of the name and address of such transferee and the
         Registrable Securities with respect to which such rights are being transferred; and (y) such
         transferee agrees in a written instrument delivered to the Company to be bound by and subject to
         the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the provisions of Subsection 2.11. For the
         purposes of determining the number of shares of Registrable Securities held by a transferee, the
         holdings of a transferee (1) that is an Affiliate or stockholder of a Holder; (2) who is a Holder’s
         Immediate Family Member; or (3) that is a trust for the benefit of an individual Holder or such
         Holder’s Immediate Family Member shall be aggregated together and with those of the
         transferring Holder; provided further that all transferees who would not qualify individually for
         assignment of rights shall have a single attorney-in-fact for the purpose of exercising any rights,
         receiving notices, or taking any action under this Agreement. The terms and conditions of this
         Agreement inure to the benefit of and are binding upon the respective successors and permitted
         assignees of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer
         upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted
         assignees any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement,
         except as expressly provided herein.


         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                         23
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 71 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                        6.2     Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law of
         the State of Delaware.

                        6.3     Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
         counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
         one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail
         (including pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to
         have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

                       6.4    Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are for
         convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

                         6.5      Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to
         this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of
         actual receipt or: (i) personal delivery to the party to be notified; (ii) when sent, if sent by
         electronic mail or facsimile during the recipient’s normal business hours, and if not sent during
         normal business hours, then on the recipient’s next business day; (iii) five (5) days after having
         been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (iv) one (1)
         business day after the business day of deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier,
         freight prepaid, specifying next-day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All
         communications shall be sent to the respective parties at their addresses as set forth on Schedule
         A or Schedule B (as applicable) hereto, or to the principal office of the Company and to the
         attention of the Chief Executive Officer, in the case of the Company, or to such email address,
         facsimile number, or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance
         with this Subsection. If notice is given to the Company, a copy shall also be sent to Jeffrey W.
         Spaulding, Esq., Eaton Peabody, P.O. Box 1210, Bangor, ME 04402-1210.

                         6.6     Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended
         and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a
         particular instance, and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the
         Company and the holders of two-thirds of the Registrable Securities then outstanding; provided
         that any provision hereof may be waived by any waiving party on such party’s own behalf,
         without the consent of any other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may not
         be amended or terminated and the observance of any term hereof may not be waived with respect
         to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor, unless such amendment,
         termination, or waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion (it being agreed that a waiver
         of the provisions of Section 4 with respect to a particular transaction shall be deemed to apply to
         all Investors in the same fashion if such waiver does so by its terms, notwithstanding the fact that
         certain Investors may nonetheless, by agreement with the Company, purchase securities in such
         transaction). Further, this Agreement may not be amended, and no provision hereof may be
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                          24
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 72 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         waived, in each case, in any way which would adversely affect the rights of the Key Holders
         hereunder in a manner disproportionate to any adverse effect such amendment or waiver would
         have on the rights of the Investors hereunder, without also the written consent of the holders of at
         least a majority of the Registrable Securities held by the Key Holders. The Company shall give
         prompt notice of any amendment or termination hereof or waiver hereunder to any party hereto
         that did not consent in writing to such amendment, termination, or waiver. Any amendment,
         termination, or waiver effected in accordance with this Subsection 0 shall be binding on all
         parties hereto, regardless of whether any such party has consented thereto. No waivers of or
         exceptions to any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more instances,
         shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition,
         or provision.

                          6.7     Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this
         Agreement is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such
         invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement,
         and such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision shall be reformed and construed so that it
         will be valid, legal, and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.

                         6.8    Additional Investors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
         herein, if the Company issues additional shares of the Company’s Series B Preferred Stock after
         the date hereof, any purchaser of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock may become a party to
         this Agreement by executing and delivering an additional counterpart signature page to this
         Agreement, and thereafter shall be deemed an “Investor” for all purposes hereunder. No action
         or consent by the Investors shall be required for such joinder to this Agreement by such
         additional Investor, so long as such additional Investor has agreed in writing to be bound by all
         of the obligations as an “Investor” hereunder.

                         6.9     Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including any Schedules and Exhibits
         hereto) constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with
         respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the
         subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled.

                          6.10    Dispute Resolution. The parties (a) hereby irrevocably and
         unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the state courts of Maine and to the jurisdiction of
         the United States District Court for the District of Maine for the purpose of any suit, action or
         other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (b) agree not to commence any
         suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement except in the state
         courts of Maine or the United States District Court for the District of Maine, and (c) hereby
         waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit,
         action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                          25
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 73 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit,
         action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or
         proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced
         in or by such court.

               WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A
         JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT
         OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE SECURITIES
         OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS
         INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE
         FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
         TRANSACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT
         CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER
         COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THIS SECTION HAS BEEN FULLY
         DISCUSSED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THESE PROVISIONS WILL
         NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY EXCEPTIONS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY FURTHER
         WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT SUCH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER
         WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT SUCH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND
         VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION
         WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

                        Each party will bear its own costs in respect of any disputes arising under this
         Agreement. The prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney’s fees, costs, and
         necessary disbursements in addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled.
         Each of the parties to this Agreement consents to personal jurisdiction for any equitable action
         sought in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maine or any court of the State of Maine
         having subject matter jurisdiction.

                        6.11 Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power,
         or remedy accruing to any party under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of any other
         party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power, or remedy of such nonbreaching
         or nondefaulting party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of or acquiescence to any such
         breach or default, or to any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of
         any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or
         thereafter occurring. All remedies, whether under this Agreement or by law or otherwise
         afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative.

                        6.12 Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges that the Investors are in
         the business of venture capital investing and therefore review the business plans and related
         proprietary information of many enterprises, including enterprises which may have products or
         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                         26
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                    Page 74 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         services which compete directly or indirectly with those of the Company. Nothing in this
         Agreement shall preclude or in any way restrict the Investors from investing or participating in
         any particular enterprise whether or not such enterprise has products or services which compete
         with those of the Company.

                                  (SIGNATURES APPEAR ON NEXT PAGE)




         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                       27
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                Page 75 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Restated Investors Rights
         Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                                    CERAHELIX, INC.

                                                    By:
                                                    Name: Susan MacKay
                                                    Title: President

                                                    KEY HOLDERS:


                                                    Signature:
                                                    Name: Susan MacKay

                                                    Signature:
                                                    Name: Donald MacKay

                                                    Signature:
                                                    Name: Karl Bishop

                                                    INVESTORS:

                                                    [Individual Investors Use this Signature
                                                     Block]:

                                                    Name: ________________________________
                                                          Type or Print Name

                                                    By: ___________________________________
                                                          Signature


                                                    [Entity Investors use this Signature Block]:

                                                    Entity Name: ___________________________

                                                    By: ___________________________________

                                                    Name: _________________________________

                                                    Title: __________________________________


         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }


                                                   28
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                           Page 76 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                      SCHEDULE A
                                       INVESTORS

                                  Number of          Number of
         Name and Address         Purchased Shares   Conversion Shares   Total




         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                 Page 77 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                  SCHEDULE B

                                  Key Holders

         Susan MacKay
         1011 Olive Street
         Veazie, ME 04401

         Donald MacKay
         1011 Olive Street
         Veazie, ME 04401

         Karl Bishop
         26 Myrtle Street
         Orono, ME 04473




         {EP - 02077967 - v8 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                     Page 78 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                  AMENDED AND RESTATED RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AND CO-SALE
                                       AGREEMENT

                 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AND CO-SALE
         AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), is made as of the 13th day of March, 2018 by and among
         CERAHELIX, INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the Investors listed on
         Schedule A and the Key Holders listed on Schedule B, (each a “Party” and collectively referred
         to herein as the “Parties”).

                 WHEREAS, the Company and certain of the Investors entered into a Right of First
         Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2016, which was subsequently
         amended and restated on June 14, 2017, pursuant to which the Company granted the Investors
         certain rights (the “Prior Rights Agreement”);

                WHEREAS, certain of the Investors together with new purchasers are parties to the
         Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement of even date (the “Purchase Agreement”),
         pursuant to which the Investors have agreed to purchase shares of the Series B Preferred Stock of
         the Company, par value $0.001 per share (“Series B Preferred Stock”), and it is a condition to
         the closing of the sale of the Company’s Series B Preferred Stock that the Investors and the
         Company execute and deliver this Agreement; and

                WHEREAS, the terms of the Prior Rights Agreement may be amended and restated only
         by a written instrument executed by the Company, the Key Holders, and the holders of a
         majority of the shares then outstanding; and

                WHEREAS, the parties to the Prior Rights Agreement have agreed to amend and restate
         the Prior Rights Agreement in its entirety as set forth herein and substitute the rights and
         covenants granted in this Agreement in full substitution for their rights and covenants under the
         Prior Rights Agreement; and

                WHEREAS, the Key Holders and the Company desire to further induce the Investors to
         purchase the Series B Preferred Stock;

                NOW, THEREFORE, the Company, the Key Holders and, the Investors agree as
         follows:

                   1.        Definitions.

                        1.1    “Affiliate” means, with respect to any specified Investor, any other
         Investor who directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with
         such Investor, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer or
         director of such Investor, or any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing which is



         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                     Page 79 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         controlled by one or more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same
         management company with, such Investor.

                        1.2     “Capital Stock” means (a) shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock
         (whether now outstanding or hereafter issued in any context), (b) shares of Common Stock
         issued or issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, and (c) shares of Common Stock issued or
         issuable upon exercise or conversion, as applicable, of stock options, warrants or other
         convertible securities of the Company, in each case now owned or subsequently acquired by any
         Key Holder, any Investor, or their respective successors or permitted transferees or assigns. For
         purposes of the number of shares of Capital Stock held by an Investor or Key Holder (or any
         other calculation based thereon), all shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have been
         converted into Common Stock at the then-applicable conversion ratio.

                       1.3    “Change of Control” means a transaction or series of related transactions
         in which a person, or a group of related persons, acquires from stockholders of the Company
         shares representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting power of the
         Company.

                        1.4    “Common Stock” means shares of Common Stock of the Company,
         $0.001 par value per share.

                         1.5     “Company Notice” means written notice from the Company notifying the
         selling Key Holders that the Company intends to exercise its Right of First Refusal as to some or
         all of the Transfer Stock with respect to any Proposed Key Holder Transfer.

                        1.6     “Investor Notice” means written notice from an Investor notifying the
         Company and the selling Key Holder that such Investor intends to exercise its Secondary Refusal
         Right as to a portion of the Transfer Stock with respect to any Proposed Key Holder Transfer.

                        1.7    “Investors” means the persons named on Schedule A hereto, each person
         to whom the rights of an Investor are assigned pursuant to Subsection 6.9, each person who
         hereafter becomes a signatory to this Agreement pursuant to Subsection 6.11 and any one of
         them, as the context may require.

                        1.8    “Key Holders” means the persons named on Schedule B hereto, each
         person to whom the rights of a Key Holder are assigned pursuant to Subsection 3.1, each person
         who hereafter becomes a signatory to this Agreement pursuant to Subsection 6.9 or 6.16 and any
         one of them, as the context may require.

                        1.9     “Major Investor” has the meaning given to it in the Investors’ Rights
         Agreement of substantially even date, as amended and restated, by and among the Company and
         the purchasers of Series B Preferred Stock.



         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                          2
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 80 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                         1.10 “Preferred Stock” means collectively, all shares of Series B Preferred,
         Stock, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all shares of Series AA Preferred Stock.

                        1.11 “Proposed Key Holder Transfer” means any assignment, sale, offer to
         sell, pledge, mortgage, hypothecation, encumbrance, disposition of or any other like transfer or
         encumbering of any Transfer Stock (or any interest therein) proposed by any of the Key Holders.

                         1.12 “Proposed Transfer Notice” means written notice from a Key Holder
         setting forth the terms and conditions of a Proposed Key Holder Transfer.

                       1.13 “Prospective Transferee” means any person to whom a Key Holder
         proposes to make a Proposed Key Holder Transfer.

                         1.14 “Restated Certificate” means the Company’s Amended and Restated
         Certificate of Incorporation, as amended from time to time.

                         1.15 “Right of Co-Sale” means the right, but not an obligation, of an Investor
         to participate in a Proposed Key Holder Transfer on the terms and conditions specified in the
         Proposed Transfer Notice.

                        1.16 “Right of First Refusal” means the right, but not an obligation, of the
         Company, or its permitted transferees or assigns, to purchase some or all of the Transfer Stock
         with respect to a Proposed Key Holder Transfer, on the terms and conditions specified in the
         Proposed Transfer Notice.

                        1.17 “Secondary Notice” means written notice from the Company notifying
         the Investors and the selling Key Holder that the Company does not intend to exercise its Right
         of First Refusal as to all shares of Transfer Stock with respect to any Proposed Key Holder
         Transfer.

                         1.18 “Secondary Refusal Right” means the right, but not an obligation, of
         each Investor to purchase up to its pro rata portion (based upon the total number of shares of
         Capital Stock then held by all Investors) of any Transfer Stock not purchased pursuant to the
         Right of First Refusal, on the terms and conditions specified in the Proposed Transfer Notice.

                         1.19 “Transfer Stock” means shares of Capital Stock owned by a Key Holder,
         or issued to a Key Holder after the date hereof (including, without limitation, in connection with
         any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, or the like), but does not include
         any shares of Preferred Stock or of Common Stock that are issued or issuable upon conversion of
         Preferred Stock.

                       1.20 “Undersubscription Notice” means written notice from an Investor
         notifying the Company and the selling Key Holder that such Investor intends to exercise its


         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                            3
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 81 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         option to purchase all or any portion of the Transfer Stock not purchased pursuant to the Right of
         First Refusal or the Secondary Refusal Right.

                   2.        Agreement Among the Company, the Investors and the Key Holders.

                             2.1   Right of First Refusal.

                                (a)    Grant. Subject to the terms of Section 3 below, each Key Holder
         hereby unconditionally and irrevocably grants to the Company a Right of First Refusal to
         purchase all or any portion of Transfer Stock that such Key Holder may propose to transfer in a
         Proposed Key Holder Transfer, at the same price and on the same terms and conditions as those
         offered to the Prospective Transferee.

                                  (b)   Notice. Each Key Holder proposing to make a Proposed Key
         Holder Transfer must deliver a Proposed Transfer Notice to the Company and each Investor not
         later than forty-five (45) days prior to the consummation of such Proposed Key Holder Transfer.
         Such Proposed Transfer Notice shall contain the material terms and conditions (including price
         and form of consideration) of the Proposed Key Holder Transfer, the identity of the Prospective
         Transferee and the intended date of the Proposed Key Holder Transfer. To exercise its Right of
         First Refusal under this Section 2, the Company must deliver a Company Notice to the selling
         Key Holder within fifteen (15) days after delivery of the Proposed Transfer Notice. In the event
         of a conflict between this Agreement and any other agreement that may have been entered into
         by a Key Holder with the Company that contains a preexisting right of first refusal, the Company
         and the Key Holder acknowledge and agree that the terms of this Agreement shall control and
         the preexisting right of first refusal shall be deemed satisfied by compliance with Subsection
         2.1(a) and this Subsection 2.1(b). Grant of Secondary Refusal Right to Investors. Subject to the
         terms of Section 3 below, each Key Holder hereby unconditionally and irrevocably grants to the
         Investors a Secondary Refusal Right to purchase all or any portion of the Transfer Stock not
         purchased by the Company pursuant to the Right of First Refusal, as provided in this Subsection
         2.1(b). If the Company does not intend to exercise its Right of First Refusal with respect to all
         Transfer Stock subject to a Proposed Key Holder Transfer, the Company must deliver a
         Secondary Notice to the selling Key Holder and to each Investor to that effect no later than
         fifteen (15) days after the selling Key Holder delivers the Proposed Transfer Notice to the
         Company. To exercise its Secondary Refusal Right, an Investor must deliver an Investor Notice
         to the selling Key Holder and the Company within ten (10) days after the Company’s deadline
         for its delivery of the Secondary Notice as provided in the preceding sentence.

                               (c)    Undersubscription of Transfer Stock. If options to purchase have
         been exercised by the Company and the Investors with respect to some but not all of the Transfer
         Stock by the end of the ten (10) day period specified in the last sentence of Subsection 2.1(b)
         (the “Investor Notice Period”), then the Company shall, immediately after the expiration of the
         Investor Notice Period, send written notice (the “Company Undersubscription Notice”) to


         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                               4
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 82 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         those Investors who fully exercised their Secondary Refusal Right within the Investor Notice
         Period (the “Exercising Investors”). Each Exercising Investor shall, subject to the provisions of
         this Subsection 2.1(c), have an additional option to purchase all or any part of the balance of any
         such remaining unsubscribed shares of Transfer Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in
         the Proposed Transfer Notice. To exercise such option, an Exercising Investor must deliver an
         Undersubscription Notice to the selling Key Holder and the Company within ten (10) days after
         the expiration of the Investor Notice Period. In the event there are two (2) or more such
         Exercising Investors that choose to exercise the last-mentioned option for a total number of
         remaining shares in excess of the number available, the remaining shares available for purchase
         under this Subsection 2.1(c) shall be allocated to such Exercising Investors pro rata based on the
         number of shares of Transfer Stock such Exercising Investors have elected to purchase pursuant
         to the Secondary Refusal Right (without giving effect to any shares of Transfer Stock that any
         such Exercising Investor has elected to purchase pursuant to the Company Undersubscription
         Notice). If the options to purchase the remaining shares are exercised in full by the Exercising
         Investors, the Company shall immediately notify all of the Exercising Investors and the selling
         Key Holder of that fact.

                                (d)      Consideration; Closing. If the consideration proposed to be paid
         for the Transfer Stock is in property, services or other non-cash consideration, the fair market
         value of the consideration shall be as determined in good faith by the Company’s Board of
         Directors and as set forth in the Company Notice. If the Company or any Investor cannot for any
         reason pay for the Transfer Stock in the same form of non-cash consideration, the Company or
         such Investor may pay the cash value equivalent thereof, as determined in good faith by the
         Board of Directors and as set forth in the Company Notice. The closing of the purchase of
         Transfer Stock by the Company and the Investors shall take place, and all payments from the
         Company and the Investors shall have been delivered to the selling Key Holder, by the later of (i)
         the date specified in the Proposed Transfer Notice as the intended date of the Proposed Key
         Holder Transfer; and (ii) forty-five (45) days after delivery of the Proposed Transfer Notice.

                             2.2   Right of Co-Sale.

                               (a)     Exercise of Right. If any Transfer Stock subject to a Proposed Key
         Holder Transfer is not purchased pursuant to Subsection 2.1 above and thereafter is to be sold to
         a Prospective Transferee, each respective Major Investor may elect to exercise its Right of Co-
         Sale and participate on a pro rata basis in the Proposed Key Holder Transfer as set forth in
         Subsection 2.2(b) below and, subject to Subsection 2.2(d), otherwise on the same terms and
         conditions specified in the Proposed Transfer Notice. Each Major Investor who desires to
         exercise its Right of Co-Sale (each, a “Participating Major Investor”) must give the selling
         Key Holder written notice to that effect within fifteen (15) days after the deadline for delivery of
         the Secondary Notice described above, and upon giving such notice such Participating Major
         Investor shall be deemed to have effectively exercised the Right of Co-Sale.


         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                            5
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 83 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                (b)    Shares Includable. Each Participating Major Investor may include
         in the Proposed Key Holder Transfer all or any part of such Participating Major Investor’s
         Capital Stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the aggregate number of shares of
         Transfer Stock subject to the Proposed Key Holder Transfer (excluding shares purchased by the
         Company or the Participating Major Investors pursuant to the Right of First Refusal or the
         Secondary Refusal Right) by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of
         Capital Stock owned by such Participating Major Investor immediately before consummation of
         the Proposed Key Holder Transfer and the denominator of which is the total number of shares of
         Capital Stock owned, in the aggregate, by all Participating Major Investors immediately prior to
         the consummation of the Proposed Key Holder Transfer, plus the number of shares of Transfer
         Stock held by the selling Key Holder. To the extent one (1) or more of the Participating Major
         Investors exercise such right of participation in accordance with the terms and conditions set
         forth herein, the number of shares of Transfer Stock that the selling Key Holder may sell in the
         Proposed Key Holder Transfer shall be correspondingly reduced.

                                (c)   Purchase and Sale Agreement. The Participating Major Investors
         and the selling Key Holder agree that the terms and conditions of any Proposed Key Holder
         Transfer in accordance with Subsection 2.2 will be memorialized in, and governed by, a written
         purchase and sale agreement with the Prospective Transferee (the “Purchase and Sale
         Agreement”) with customary terms and provisions for such a transaction, and the Participating
         Major Investors and the selling Key Holder further covenant and agree to enter into such
         Purchase and Sale Agreement as a condition precedent to any sale or other transfer in accordance
         with this Subsection 2.2.

                                  (d)   Allocation of Consideration.

                                        (i)   Subject to Subsection 2.2(d)(ii), the aggregate
         consideration payable to the Participating Major Investors and the selling Key Holder shall be
         allocated based on the number of shares of Capital Stock sold to the Prospective Transferee by
         each Participating Major Investor and the selling Key Holder as provided in Subsection 2.2(b),
         provided that if a Participating Major Investor wishes to sell Preferred Stock, the price set forth
         in the Proposed Transfer Notice shall be appropriately adjusted based on the conversion ratio of
         the Preferred Stock into Common Stock.

                                        (ii)   In the event that the Proposed Key Holder Transfer
         constitutes a Change of Control, the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement shall provide that
         the aggregate consideration from such transfer shall be allocated to the Participating Major
         Investors and the selling Key Holder in accordance with Sections 2.1 and 2.2 of Article IV(B) of
         the Restated Certificate as if (A) such transfer were a Deemed Liquidation Event (as defined in
         the Restated Certificate), and (B) the Capital Stock sold in accordance with the Purchase and
         Sale Agreement were the only Capital Stock outstanding. In the event that a portion of the



         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                           6
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 84 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         aggregate consideration payable to the Participating Major Investor(s) and selling Key Holder is
         placed into escrow, the Purchase and Sale Agreement shall provide that (x) the portion of such
         consideration that is not placed in escrow (the “Initial Consideration”) shall be allocated in
         accordance with Sections 2.1 and 2.2 of Article IV(B) of the Restated Certificate as if the Initial
         Consideration were the only consideration payable in connection with such transfer, and (y) any
         additional consideration which becomes payable to the Participating Major Investor(s) and
         selling Key Holder upon release from escrow shall be allocated in accordance with Sections 2.1
         and 2.2 of Article IV(B) of the Restated Certificate after taking into account the previous
         payment of the Initial Consideration as part of the same transfer.

                                 (e)     Purchase by Selling Key Holder; Deliveries. Notwithstanding
         Subsection 2.2(c) above, if any Prospective Transferee or Transferees refuse(s) to purchase
         securities subject to the Right of Co-Sale from any Participating Major Investor or Investors or
         upon the failure to negotiate in good faith a Purchase and Sale Agreement reasonably satisfactory
         to the Participating Major Investors, no Key Holder may sell any Transfer Stock to such
         Prospective Transferee or Transferees unless and until, simultaneously with such sale, such Key
         Holder purchases all securities subject to the Right of Co-Sale from such Participating Major
         Investor or Investors on the same terms and conditions (including the proposed purchase price)
         as set forth in the Proposed Transfer Notice and as provided in Subsection 2.2(d)(i); provided,
         however, if such sale constitutes a Change of Control, the portion of the aggregate consideration
         paid by the selling Key Holder to such Participating Major Investor or Investors shall be made in
         accordance with the first sentence of Subsection 2.2(d)(ii). In connection with such purchase by
         the selling Key Holder, such Participating Major Investor or Investors shall deliver to the selling
         Key Holder any stock certificate or certificates, properly endorsed for transfer, representing the
         Capital Stock being purchased by the selling Key Holder (or request that the Company effect
         such transfer in the name of the selling Key Holder). Any such shares transferred to the selling
         Key Holder will be transferred to the Prospective Transferee against payment therefor in
         consummation of the sale of the Transfer Stock pursuant to the terms and conditions specified in
         the Proposed Transfer Notice, and the selling Key Holder shall concurrently therewith remit or
         direct payment to each such Participating Major Investor the portion of the aggregate
         consideration to which each such Participating Major Investor is entitled by reason of its
         participation in such sale as provided in this Subsection 2.2(e).

                                   (f)    Additional Compliance. If any Proposed Key Holder Transfer is
         not consummated within forty-five (45) days after receipt of the Proposed Transfer Notice by the
         Company, the Key Holders proposing the Proposed Key Holder Transfer may not sell any
         Transfer Stock unless they first comply in full with each provision of this Section 2. The
         exercise or election not to exercise any right by any Investor hereunder shall not adversely affect
         its right to participate in any other sales of Transfer Stock subject to this Subsection 2.2.




         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                           7
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 85 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                             2.3   Effect of Failure to Comply.

                                  (a)    Transfer Void; Equitable Relief. Any Proposed Key Holder
         Transfer not made in compliance with the requirements of this Agreement shall be null and void
         ab initio, shall not be recorded on the books of the Company or its transfer agent and shall not be
         recognized by the Company. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that any breach of this
         Agreement would result in substantial harm to the other parties hereto for which monetary
         damages alone could not adequately compensate. Therefore, the parties hereto unconditionally
         and irrevocably agree that any non-breaching party hereto shall be entitled to seek protective
         orders, injunctive relief and other remedies available at law or in equity (including, without
         limitation, seeking specific performance or the rescission of purchases, sales and other transfers
         of Transfer Stock not made in strict compliance with this Agreement).

                                (b)    Violation of First Refusal Right. If any Key Holder becomes
         obligated to sell any Transfer Stock to the Company or any Investor under this Agreement and
         fails to deliver such Transfer Stock in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the
         Company and/or such Investor may, at its option, in addition to all other remedies it may have,
         send to such Key Holder the purchase price for such Transfer Stock as is herein specified and
         transfer to the name of the Company or such Investor (or request that the Company effect such
         transfer in the name of an Investor) on the Company’s books any certificates, instruments, or
         book entry representing the Transfer Stock to be sold.

                                (c)     Violation of Co-Sale Right. If any Key Holder purports to sell any
         Transfer Stock in contravention of the Right of Co-Sale (a “Prohibited Transfer”), each Major
         Investor who desires to exercise its Right of Co-Sale under Subsection 2.2 may, in addition to
         such remedies as may be available by law, in equity or hereunder, require such Key Holder to
         purchase from such Investor the type and number of shares of Capital Stock that such Major
         Investor would have been entitled to sell to the Prospective Transferee had the Prohibited
         Transfer been effected in compliance with the terms of Subsection 2.2. The sale will be made on
         the same terms, including, without limitation, as provided in Subsection 2.2(d)(i) and the first
         sentence of Subsection 2.2(d)(ii), as applicable, and subject to the same conditions as would have
         applied had the Key Holder not made the Prohibited Transfer, except that the sale (including,
         without limitation, the delivery of the purchase price) must be made within ninety (90) days after
         the Investor learns of the Prohibited Transfer, as opposed to the timeframe proscribed in
         Subsection 2.2. Such Key Holder shall also reimburse each Major Investor for any and all
         reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and
         expenses, incurred pursuant to the exercise or the attempted exercise of the Major Investor’s
         rights under Subsection 2.2.




         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                              8
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 86 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                   3.        Exempt Transfers.

                         3.1     Exempted Transfers. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the
         contrary herein, the provisions of Subsections 2.1 and 2.2 shall not apply (a) in the case of a Key
         Holder that is an entity, upon a transfer by such Key Holder to its stockholders, members,
         partners or other equity holders, (b) to a repurchase of Transfer Stock from a Key Holder by the
         Company at a price no greater than that originally paid by such Key Holder for such Transfer
         Stock and pursuant to an agreement containing vesting and/or repurchase provisions approved by
         a majority of the Board of Directors, (c) to a pledge of Transfer Stock that creates a mere
         security interest in the pledged Transfer Stock, provided that the pledgee thereof agrees in
         writing in advance to be bound by and comply with all applicable provisions of this Agreement
         to the same extent as if it were the Key Holder making such pledge, or (d) in the case of a Key
         Holder that is a natural person, upon a transfer of Transfer Stock by such Key Holder made for
         bona fide estate planning purposes, either during his or her lifetime or on death by will or
         intestacy to his or her spouse, child (natural or adopted), or any other direct lineal descendant of
         such Key Holder (or his or her spouse) (all of the foregoing collectively referred to as “family
         members”), or any other custodian or trustee of any trust, partnership or limited liability
         company for the benefit of, or the ownership interests of which are owned wholly by such Key
         Holder or any such family members;; provided that in the case of clause(s) (a), (c), or (d), the
         Key Holder shall deliver prior written notice to the Investors of such pledge, gift or transfer and
         such shares of Transfer Stock shall at all times remain subject to the terms and restrictions set
         forth in this Agreement and such transferee shall, as a condition to such issuance, deliver a
         counterpart signature page to this Agreement as confirmation that such transferee shall be bound
         by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a Key Holder (but only with respect to the
         securities so transferred to the transferee), including the obligations of a Key Holder with respect
         to Proposed Key Holder Transfers of such Transfer Stock pursuant to Section 2; and provided
         further in the case of any transfer pursuant to clause (a) or (d) above, that such transfer is made
         pursuant to a transaction in which there is no consideration actually paid for such transfer. For
         purposes of this Agreement, a person will be deemed to be a "domestic partner" of another
         person if the two persons (i) reside in the same residence and plan to do so indefinitely, (ii) have
         resided together for at least one year, (iii) are each at least 18 years of age and mentally
         competent to consent to contract, (iv) are not blood relatives any closer than would prohibit legal
         marriage in the state in which they reside, (v) are financially interdependent, as demonstrated to
         the reasonable satisfaction of the Company and (vi) have each been the sole spouse equivalent of
         the other for the year prior to the transfer and plan to remain so indefinitely; provided that a
         person will not be considered a domestic partner if he or she is married to another person or has
         any other spouse equivalent.

                        3.2     Exempted Offerings. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the
         contrary herein, the provisions of Section 2 shall not apply to the sale of any Transfer Stock (a)
         to the public in an offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities


         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                            9
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 87 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Act of 1933, as amended (a “Public Offering”); or (b) pursuant to a Deemed Liquidation Event
         (as defined in the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation).

                        3.3    Prohibited Transferees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Key Holder
         shall transfer any Transfer Stock to (a) any entity which, in the reasonable, good-faith
         determination of the Company’s Board of Directors, directly or indirectly competes with the
         Company; or (b) any customer, distributor or supplier of the Company, if the Company’s Board
         of Directors should reasonably and in good-faith determine that such transfer would result in
         such customer, distributor or supplier receiving information that would place the Company at a
         competitive disadvantage with respect to such customer, distributor or supplier.

                 4.     Legend. Each certificate, instrument, or book entry representing shares of
         Transfer Stock held by the Key Holders or issued to any permitted transferee in connection with
         a transfer permitted by Subsection 3.1 hereof shall be notated with the following legend:

                   THE SALE, PLEDGE, HYPOTHECATION, OR TRANSFER OF THE
                   SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS SUBJECT TO, AND IN CERTAIN
                   CASES PROHIBITED BY, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF A CERTAIN
                   RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AND CO-SALE AGREEMENT BY AND
                   AMONG THE STOCKHOLDER, THE CORPORATION AND CERTAIN
                   OTHER HOLDERS OF STOCK OF THE CORPORATION. COPIES OF SUCH
                   AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE
                   SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION.

         Each Key Holder agrees that the Company may instruct its transfer agent to impose transfer
         restrictions on the shares notated with the legend referred to in this Section 4 above to enforce
         the provisions of this Agreement, and the Company agrees to promptly do so. The legend shall
         be removed upon termination of this Agreement at the request of the holder.

                   5.        Lock-Up.

                         5.1     Agreement to Lock-Up. Each Key Holder hereby agrees that it will not,
         without the prior written consent of the managing underwriter, during the period commencing on
         the date of the final prospectus relating to the Company’s initial public offering (the “IPO”) and
         ending on the date specified by the Company and the managing underwriter (such period not to
         exceed one hundred eighty (l80) days) (a) lend, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option
         or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant
         to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Capital Stock
         held immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement for the IPO; or (b) enter
         into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
         economic consequences of ownership of the Capital Stock, whether any such transaction
         described in clause (a) or (b) above is to be settled by delivery of Capital Stock or other


         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                            10
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 88 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         securities, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing provisions of this Section 5 shall not apply to the
         sale of any shares to an underwriter pursuant to an underwriting agreement, and shall only be
         applicable to the Key Holders if all officers, directors and holders of more than one percent (1%)
         of the outstanding Common Stock (after giving effect to the conversion into Common Stock of
         all outstanding Series A Preferred Stock) enter into similar agreements. The underwriters in
         connection with the IPO are intended third-party beneficiaries of this Section 5 and shall have
         the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party
         hereto. Each Key Holder further agrees to execute such agreements as may be reasonably
         requested by the underwriters in the IPO that are consistent with this Section 5 or that are
         necessary to give further effect thereto.

                      5.2     Stop Transfer Instructions. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the
         Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the shares of Capital Stock of
         each Key Holder (and transferees and assignees thereof) until the end of such restricted period.

                   6.        Miscellaneous.

                       6.1     Term. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earlier of
         (a) immediately prior to the consummation of the Company’s IPO; and (b) the consummation of
         a Deemed Liquidation Event (as defined in the Restated Certificate).

                         6.2     Stock Split. All references to numbers of shares in this Agreement shall
         be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock dividend, split, combination or other
         recapitalization affecting the Capital Stock occurring after the date of this Agreement.

                         6.3      Ownership. Each Key Holder represents and warrants that such Key
         Holder is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the shares of Transfer Stock subject to this
         Agreement and that no other person or entity has any interest in such shares (other than a
         community property interest as to which the holder thereof has acknowledged and agreed in
         writing to the restrictions and obligations hereunder).

                         6.4    Dispute Resolution.        The parties (a) hereby irrevocably and
         unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the state courts of Maine and to the jurisdiction of
         the United States District Court for the District of Maine for the purpose of any suit, action or
         other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (b) agree not to commence any
         suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement except in the state
         courts of Maine or the United States District Court for the District of Maine, and (c) hereby
         waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit,
         action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-
         named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit,
         action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or



         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                           11
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 89 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced
         in or by such court.

         WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY
         TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF
         THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE SECURITIES OR
         THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS
         INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE
         FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
         TRANSACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT
         CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER
         COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THIS SECTION HAS BEEN FULLY
         DISCUSSED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THESE PROVISIONS WILL
         NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY EXCEPTIONS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY FURTHER
         WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT SUCH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER
         WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT SUCH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND
         VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION
         WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

         Each party will bear its own costs in respect of any disputes arising under this Agreement.

                         6.5    Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to
         this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of
         actual receipt or (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by
         electronic mail or facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during
         normal business hours, then on the recipient’s next business day, (c) five (5) days after having
         been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1)
         business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid,
         specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications
         shall be sent to the respective parties at their address as set forth on Schedule A or Schedule B
         hereof, as the case may be, or to such email address, facsimile number or address as
         subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 6.5. If notice is
         given to the Company, it shall be sent to Cerahelix, Inc., 20 Godfrey Drive, Orono, ME 04473,
         Attention: Susan MacKay; and a copy (which shall not constitute notice) shall also be sent to
         Jeffrey W. Spaulding, Esq., Eaton Peabody, P.A., P.O. Box 1210, Bangor, ME 04402-1210.

                        6.6     Entire Agreement.        This Agreement (including, the Exhibits and
         Schedules hereto) constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties
         with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the
         subject matter hereof existing between the parties are expressly canceled.




         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                           12
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 90 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                        6.7     Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power
         or remedy accruing to any party under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of any other
         party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-breaching
         or non-defaulting party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or
         an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring; nor shall
         any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default
         theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or
         character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver
         on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing
         and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies,
         either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative
         and not alternative.

                         6.8    Amendment; Waiver and Termination. This Agreement may be amended,
         modified or terminated (other than pursuant to Section 6.1 above) and the observance of any
         term hereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or
         prospectively) only by a written instrument executed by (a) the Company, (b) the Key Holders
         who are then providing services to the Company as officers, employees or consultants; and (c)
         the holders of two-thirds of the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of
         the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock held by the Investors (voting as a single class and
         on an as-converted basis). Any amendment, modification, termination or waiver so effected
         shall be binding upon the Company, the Investors, the Key Holders and all of their respective
         successors and permitted assigns whether or not such party, assignee or other shareholder entered
         into or approved such amendment, modification, termination or waiver. Notwithstanding the
         foregoing, (i) this Agreement may not be amended, modified or terminated and the observance of
         any term hereunder may not be waived with respect to any Investor or Key Holder without the
         written consent of such Investor or Key Holder unless such amendment, modification,
         termination or waiver applies to all Investors and Key Holders, respectively, in the same fashion,
         and (ii) the consent of the Key Holders shall not be required for any amendment, modification,
         termination or waiver if such amendment, modification, termination or waiver does not apply to
         the Key Holders, and (iii) Schedule A hereto may be amended by the Company from time to
         time in accordance with the Purchase Agreement to add information regarding Additional
         Purchasers (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) without the consent of the other parties
         hereto. The Company shall give prompt written notice of any amendment, modification or
         termination hereof or waiver hereunder to any party hereto that did not consent in writing to such
         amendment, modification, termination or waiver. No waivers of or exceptions to any term,
         condition or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or
         construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition or provision.




         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                           13
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 91 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                             6.9   Assignment of Rights.

                                  (a)    The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the
         benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
         Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than
         the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies,
         obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in
         this Agreement.

                                (b)     Any successor or permitted assignee of any Key Holder, including
         any Prospective Transferee who purchases shares of Transfer Stock in accordance with the terms
         hereof, shall deliver to the Company and the Investors, as a condition to any transfer or
         assignment, a counterpart signature page hereto pursuant to which such successor or permitted
         assignee shall confirm their agreement to be subject to and bound by all of the provisions set
         forth in this Agreement that were applicable to the predecessor or assignor of such successor or
         permitted assignee, all in form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

                                (c)     The rights of the Investors hereunder are not assignable without the
         Company’s written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned),
         except by an Investor to any Affiliate or any equity owner in Investor or any Affiliate, provided
         that any such assignment shall be subject to and conditioned upon any such assignee’s delivery
         to the Company and the other Investors of a counterpart signature page hereto pursuant to which
         such assignee shall confirm their agreement to be subject to and bound by all of the provisions
         set forth in this Agreement that were applicable to the assignor of such assignee.

                               (d)   Except in connection with an assignment by the Company by
         operation of law to the acquirer of the Company, the rights and obligations of the Company
         hereunder may not be assigned under any circumstances.

                        6.10 Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof
         shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

                         6.11 Additional Investors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
         herein, if the Company issues additional shares of the Company’s Series B Preferred Stock after
         the date hereof, any purchaser of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock may become a party to
         this Agreement by executing and delivering an additional counterpart signature page to this
         Agreement and thereafter shall be deemed an “Investor” for all purposes hereunder.

                        6.12 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law of
         the State of Delaware.




         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                             14
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 92 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                      6.13 Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are
         used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this
         Agreement.

                        6.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more
         counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
         one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail
         (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000,
         e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be
         deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

                         6.15 Specific Performance. In addition to any and all other remedies that may
         be available at law in the event of any breach of this Agreement, each Investor shall be entitled
         to specific performance of the agreements and obligations of the Company and the Key Holders
         hereunder and to such other injunction or other equitable relief as may be granted by a court of
         competent jurisdiction.

                         6.16 Additional Key Holders. In the event that after the date of this
         Agreement, the Company issues shares of Common Stock, or options to purchase Common
         Stock, to any employee or consultant, which shares or options would collectively constitute with
         respect to such employee or consultant (taking into account all shares of Common Stock, options
         and other purchase rights held by such employee or consultant) one percent (1%) or more of the
         Company’s then outstanding Common Stock (treating for this purpose all shares of Common
         Stock issuable upon exercise of or conversion of outstanding options, warrants or convertible
         securities, as if exercised or converted), the Company shall, as a condition to such issuance,
         cause such employee or consultant to execute a counterpart signature page hereto as a Key
         Holder, and such person shall thereby be bound by, and subject to, all the terms and provisions of
         this Agreement applicable to a Key Holder.

                                   [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]




         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }                           15
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                    Page 93 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated Right
            of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                                        CERAHELIX, INC.


                                                        By:
                                                        Name: Susan MacKay
                                                        Title: President

                                                        KEY HOLDERS:


                                                        Signature:
                                                        Name: Susan MacKay

                                                        Signature:
                                                        Name: Donald MacKay

                                                        Signature:
                                                        Name: Karl Bishop

                                                        INVESTORS:


                                                        [Individual Investors Use this Signature
                                                         Block]:

                                                        Name: ________________________________
                                                              Type or Print Name

                                                        By: ___________________________________
                                                              Signature

                                                        [Entity Investors use this Signature Block]:

                                                        Entity Name: ___________________________

                                                        By: ___________________________________

                                                        Name: _________________________________

                                                        Title: __________________________________




  {EP - 02077266 - v6 }   SIGNATURE PAGE TO RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AND CO-SALE AGREEMENT
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                           Page 94 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                      SCHEDULE A
                                       INVESTORS

                                  Number of          Number of
         Name and Address         Purchased Shares   Conversion Shares   Total




         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                     Page 95 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                   SCHEDULE B
                                  KEY HOLDERS


         Name and Address                       Number of Shares Held

         Susan MacKay                           5,420,730

         Donald MacKay                          1,115,850

         Karl Bishop                            3,219,510




         {EP - 02077266 - v6 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 96 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                           AMENDED AND RESTATED VOTING AGREEMENT


                 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED VOTING AGREEMENT is made and entered into
         as of this 13th day of March, 2018, by and among CERAHELIX, INC., a Delaware corporation
         with principal offices in the state of Maine (the “Company”), and those certain stockholders of
         the Company's Common Stock listed on Schedule A hereto (the "Key Holders") (together with
         any subsequent stockholders, or any transferees, who become parties hereto as “Key Holders”)
         and the persons and entities listed on Schedule B hereto (the "Investors") (together with any
         subsequent stockholders, or any transferees, who become parties hereto as "Investors;" the
         "Investors" and together collectively with the "Key Holders," the "Stockholders").

                                                    RECITALS

                 WHEREAS, the Company and certain of the Investors entered into a Voting Agreement,
         dated as of February 17, 2016, which was subsequently amended and restated on June 14, 2017,
         (the “Prior Rights Agreement”); pursuant to which the Company granted the Investors the
         right, among other rights, to elect certain members of the board of directors of the Company (the
         “Board”);

                WHEREAS, certain of the Investors together with new purchasers are parties to the
         Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement of even date (the “Purchase Agreement”),
         pursuant to which the Investors have agreed to purchase shares of the Series B Preferred Stock of
         the Company, par value $0.001 per share (“Series B Preferred Stock”), and it is a condition to
         the closing of the sale of the Company’s Series B Preferred Stock that the Investors and the
         Company execute and deliver this Agreement; and

                WHEREAS, the terms of the Prior Rights Agreement may be amended and restated only
         by a written instrument executed by the Company, the Key Holders, and the holders of sixty-six
         and two thirds (66 2/3%) of the shares then outstanding; and

                WHEREAS, the parties to the Prior Rights Agreement have agreed to amend and restate
         the Prior Rights Agreement in its entirety as set forth herein and substitute the rights and
         covenants granted in this Agreement in full substitution for their rights and covenants under the
         Prior Rights Agreement; and

                NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

                1.      Voting Provisions Regarding Board of Directors.

                          1.1. Size of the Board. Each Stockholder agrees to vote, or cause to be voted,
           all Shares owned by such Stockholder, or over which such Stockholder has voting control,
           from time to time and at all times, in whatever manner as shall be necessary to ensure that the

                                                  {EP - 02077635 - v6 }1
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 97 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           size of the Board shall be set and remain at no more than six (6) directors. For purposes of this
           Agreement, the term “Shares” shall mean and include any securities of the Company held by
           the Stockholders and which are entitled to vote for members of the Board, including without
           limitation, all shares of Common Stock, Series AA Preferred Stock , Series A Preferred Shares
           and Series B Preferred Shares (collectively the “Preferred Stock”) by whatever name called,
           now owned or subsequently acquired by a Stockholder, however acquired, whether through
           stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications, recapitalizations, similar events or otherwise.

                           1.2. Initial Board Composition. Each Stockholder also agrees to vote, or cause
           to be voted, all Shares owned by such Stockholder, or over which such Stockholder has voting
           control, from time to time and at all times, in whatever manner as shall be necessary to ensure
           that at each annual or special meeting of stockholders at which an election of directors is held
           or pursuant to any written consent of the stockholders, the following persons shall be elected to
           the Board:

                        (a)     The Series A Director, who shall be elected by the shareholders holding
           the majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the Series AA Preferred Stock,
           voting together exclusively and as a separate class, which individual shall initially be Richard
           Schotte;

                        (b)    The CEO Director, who shall be elected by a majority of the issued and
           outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting exclusively and as a separate class, , who must be
           the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, which director shall initially be Susan Mackay;

                          (c)    Two (2) Series B Directors elected by a majority of the issued and
           outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting exclusively and as a separate class, one
           of which shall be designated exclusively by PureTerra Ventures, which director shall initially
           be Alexander Crowell, and one of which shall be elected exclusively by all other holders of
           Series B Preferred Stock (voting as a class, but excluding PureTerra Ventures) which director
           shall initially be Matthias Wagner;

                         (d)      Two (2) directors designated by the unanimous consent of the Series A
           Director, CEO Director and Series B Directors, as further provided in Section 1.3,, which
           directors shall initially be James Banks and Sissi Liu (each a “Designated Director” and
           collectively the “Designated Directors”);

                           1.3. Designated Directors. Each Stockholder also agrees to vote, or cause to be
           voted, all Shares owned by such Stockholder, or over which such Stockholder has voting
           control, from time to time and at all times, in whatever manner as shall be necessary to ensure
           that at each annual or special meeting of stockholders at which an election of directors is held

         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                          2
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 98 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           or pursuant to any written consent of the stockholders, that any Designated Director designated
           by a unanimous vote of the Series A Director, CEO Director, and Series B Directors shall be
           elected to the Board, provided that any Designated Director must not also be an Affiliate (as
           defined below) of any investor, or of any Key Holder that is currently providing services to the
           Company as an officer, employee, or consultant. For purposes of this Agreement, an
           individual, firm, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, trust or any
           other entity (collectively, a “Person”) shall be deemed an “Affiliate” of another Person who,
           directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person,
           including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer or director of
           such Person or any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or
           more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management company
           with, such Person.

                           1.4. Failure to Elect or Designate a Board Member. In the absence of any
           election or designation from groups with the right to elect or designate a director as specified
           above, the director previously designated by them and then serving shall be reelected if still
           eligible to serve as provided herein.

                          1.5. Removal of Board Members. Each Stockholder also agrees to vote, or
           cause to be voted, all Shares owned by such Stockholder, or over which such Stockholder has
           voting control, from time to time and at all times, in whatever manner as shall be necessary to
           ensure that:

                                (a)     the Series A Director may not be removed from office, other than
         for cause, except upon the vote of the Investors holding a majority of the shares of Series A
         Preferred Stock and the Series AA Preferred Stock, voting together exclusively and as a separate
         class.
                                (b)     the Series B Directors may not be removed from office, other than
         for cause, except upon the vote of the Investors holding a majority of the shares of Series B
         Preferred Stock, voting together exclusively and as a separate class, and in the case of the Series
         B Director designated exclusively by Pure Terra Ventures, such Series B Director shall be
         removable only by Pure Terra Ventures, and in the case of the Series B Director elected
         exclusively by all other holders of Series B Preferred Stock (voting as a class but excluding Pure
         Terra Ventures), such Series B Director shall be removable only by all other holders of Series B
         Preferred Stock (voting as a class but excluding Pure Terra Ventures).

                               (c)     The CEO director may not be removed from office, other than for
         cause, except upon the vote of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock,
         voting exclusively and as a class;

                                  (d)   A Designated Director may not be removed from office, other than
         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                          3
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 99 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         for cause, except upon the unanimous vote of the CEO Director, the Series A Director, and the
         Series B Directors.

                                  (e)    any vacancies created by resignation, removal or death of a
         director shall be filled pursuant to the provisions of this Section 1.

         All Stockholders agree to execute any written consents required to perform the obligations of this
         Agreement.

                 2.     Vote to Increase Authorized Common Stock. Each Stockholder agrees to vote or
         cause to be voted all Shares owned by such Stockholder, or over which such Stockholder has
         voting control, from time to time and at all times, in whatever manner as shall be necessary to
         increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from time to time to ensure that
         there will be sufficient shares of Common Stock available for conversion of all of the shares of
         Preferred Stock outstanding at any given time.

                   3.        Drag Along Right.

                         3.1      Definitions. A "Sale of the Company" shall mean either: (a) a transaction
           or series of related transactions in which a Person, or a group of related Persons, acquires from
           stockholders of the Company shares representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the
           outstanding voting power of the Company (a "Stock Sale"); or (b) a transaction that qualifies
           as a "Deemed Liquidation Event" as defined in the Restated Certificate.

                        3.2     Actions to be Taken. In the event that the holders of at least fifty percent
           (50%) of the shares of Preferred Stock (including all shares of Series B Preferred Stock, all
           shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all shares of Series AA Preferred Stock) voting on an
           as-converted basis (the “Selling Investors”), then each Stockholder and the Company hereby
           agree:

                                (a) if such transaction requires stockholder approval, with respect to all
           Shares that such Stockholder owns or over which such Stockholder otherwise exercises voting
           power, to vote (in person, by proxy or by action by written consent, as applicable) all Shares in
           favor of, and adopt, such Sale of the Company (together with any related amendment to the
           Restated Certificate required in order to implement such Sale of the Company) and to vote in
           opposition to any and all other proposals that could reasonably be expected to delay or impair
           the ability of the Company to consummate such Sale of the Company;

                                (b)     if such transaction is a Stock Sale, to sell the same proportion of
           shares of capital stock of the Company beneficially held by such Stockholder as is being sold
           by the Selling Investors to the Person to whom the Selling Investors propose to sell their

         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                          4
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                     Page 100 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           Shares, and, except as permitted in Subsection 3.3 below, on the same terms and conditions as
           the Selling Investors;

                               (c)     to execute and deliver all related documentation and take such
           other action in support of the Sale of the Company as shall reasonably be requested by the
           Company or the Selling Investors in order to carry out the terms and provision of this Section
           3, including without limitation executing and delivering instruments of conveyance and
           transfer, and any purchase agreement, merger agreement, indemnity agreement, escrow
           agreement, consent, waiver, governmental filing, share certificates duly endorsed for transfer
           (free and clear of impermissible liens, claims and encumbrances) and any similar or related
           documents; and

                               (d)     to refrain from exercising any dissenters’ rights or rights of
           appraisal under applicable law at any time with respect to such Sale of the Company.

                             3.3    Exceptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Stockholder will not
           be required to comply with Section 3 above in connection with any proposed Sale of the
           Company (the “Proposed Sale”) unless:

                                  (a)   Any representations and warranties to be made by such
           Stockholder in connection with the Proposed Sale are limited to representations and warranties
           related to authority, ownership and the ability to convey title to such Shares, including but not
           limited to representations and warranties that (i) the Stockholder holds all right, title and
           interest in and to the Shares such Stockholder purports to hold, free and clear of all liens and
           encumbrances, (ii) the obligations of the Stockholder in connection with the transaction have
           been duly authorized, if applicable, (iii) the documents to be entered into by the Stockholder
           have been duly executed by the Stockholder and delivered to the acquirer and are enforceable
           against the Stockholder in accordance with their respective terms and (iv) neither the execution
           and delivery of documents to be entered into in connection with the transaction, nor the
           performance of the Stockholder’s obligations thereunder, will cause a breach or violation of the
           terms of any agreement, law or judgment, order or decree of any court or governmental
           agency;

                                (b)    the Stockholder shall not be liable for the inaccuracy of any
           representation or warranty made by any other Person in connection with the Proposed Sale,
           other than the Company (except to the extent that funds may be paid out of an escrow
           established to cover breach of representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as
           well as breach by any stockholder of any of identical representations, warranties and covenants
           provided by all stockholders); and

                                 (c)    upon the consummation of the Proposed Sale, (i) each holder of
           each class or series of the Company’s stock will receive the same form of consideration for
         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                         5
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 101 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           their shares of such class or series as is received by other holders in respect of their shares of
           such same class or series of stock, (ii) each holder of a series of Preferred Stock will receive
           the same amount of consideration per share of such series of Preferred Stock as is received by
           other holders in respect of their shares of such same series, and (iii) each holder of Common
           Stock will receive the same amount of consideration per share of Common Stock as is received
           by other holders in respect of their shares of Common Stock.

                   4.        Remedies

                           4.1. Covenants of the Company. The Company agrees to use its best efforts,
           within the requirements of applicable law, to ensure that the rights granted under this
           Agreement are effective and that the parties enjoy the benefits of this Agreement. Such actions
           include, without limitation, the use of the Company’s best efforts to cause the nomination and
           election of the directors as provided in this Agreement.

                          4.2. Specific Enforcement. Each party acknowledges and agrees that each
           party hereto will be irreparably damaged in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement
           are not performed by the parties in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise
           breached. Accordingly, it is agreed that each of the Company, the Investors and the Key
           Holders shall be entitled to an injunction to prevent breaches of this Agreement, and to specific
           enforcement of this Agreement and its terms and provisions in any action instituted in any
           court of the United States or any state having subject matter jurisdiction.

                         4.3. Remedies Cumulative. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by
           law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative.

                   5.    Term. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date hereof and shall continue
           in effect until and shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (a) the consummation of the
           Company’s first underwritten public offering of its Common Stock (other than a registration
           statement relating either to the sale of securities to employees of the Company pursuant to its
           stock option, stock purchase or similar plan or an SEC Rule 145 transaction); (b) the closing of
           any acquisition of the Company by means of merger or other form of corporate reorganization
           in which the stockholders of the Company do not hold a majority of the outstanding voting
           shares of the surviving entity; or (c) the distribution of the proceeds of a sale of all or
           substantially all of the assets of the Company.



                   6.        Miscellaneous.

                             6.1   Additional Parties.

                                   (a)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the
         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                           6
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                     Page 102 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           Company issues additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock after the date hereof, as a
           condition to the issuance of such shares the Company shall require that any purchaser of at
           least five (5) shares of Series B Preferred Stock (i) become a party to this Agreement by
           execution and delivery of an Adoption Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as
           Exhibit A, or (ii) a counterpart signature page hereto agreeing to be bound by and subject to
           the terms of this Agreement as an Investor and Stockholder hereunder. In either event, each
           such person shall thereafter be deemed an Investor and Stockholder for all purposes under this
           Agreement.

                                (b)     In the event that after the date of this Agreement, the Company
           enters into an agreement with any Person to issue shares of capital stock to such Person (other
           than to a purchaser of Preferred Stock described in Subsection 6.1 above), following which
           such Person shall hold Shares constituting ten percent (10%) or more of the Company’s then
           outstanding capital stock (treating for this purpose all shares of Common Stock issuable upon
           exercise of or conversion of outstanding options, warrants or convertible securities, as if
           exercised and/or converted or exchanged), then, the Company shall cause such Person, as a
           condition precedent to entering into such agreement, to become a party to this Agreement by
           executing an Adoption Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, agreeing to be
           bound by and subject to the terms of this Agreement as a Stockholder and thereafter such
           person shall be deemed a Stockholder for all purposes under this Agreement.

                         6.2    Transfers. Each transferee or assignee of any Shares subject to this
           Agreement shall continue to be subject to the terms hereof, and, as a condition precedent to the
           Company’s recognizing such transfer, each transferee or assignee shall agree in writing to be
           subject to each of the terms of this Agreement by executing and delivering an Adoption
           Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Upon the execution and
           delivery of an Adoption Agreement by any transferee, such transferee shall be deemed to be a
           party hereto as if such transferee were the transferor and such transferee’s signature appeared
           on the signature pages of this Agreement and shall be deemed to be an Investor and
           Stockholder, or Key Holder and Stockholder, as applicable. The Company shall not permit the
           transfer of the Shares subject to this Agreement on its books or issue a new certificate
           representing any such Shares unless and until such transferee shall have complied with the
           terms of this Subsection 6.2. Each certificate representing the Shares subject to this Agreement
           if issued on or after the date of this Agreement shall be endorsed by the Company with the
           legend set forth in Subsection 6.12.

                          6.3    Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall
           inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties.
           Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than
           the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations,
           or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this
         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                         7
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                    Page 103 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           Agreement.

                         6.4   Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law of
           the State of Delaware.

                        6.5     Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
           counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
           constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile,
           electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered
           shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all
           purposes.

                       6.6   Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are
           used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this
           Agreement.

                        6.7     Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to
           this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of
           actual receipt or: (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by
           electronic mail or facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent
           during normal business hours, then on the recipient’s next business day, (c) five (5) days after
           having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or
           (d) one (1) business day after the business day of deposit with a nationally recognized
           overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written
           verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the respective parties at their
           address as set forth on Schedule A or Schedule B hereto, or to such email address, facsimile
           number or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this
           Subsection 6.7. If notice is given to the Company, a copy shall also be sent to Jeffrey
           Spaulding, Esq., 80 Exchange St., P.O. Box 1210, Bangor, Maine 04402-1210..

                         6.8    Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or terminated and the
           observance of any term hereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and
           either retroactively or prospectively) only by a written instrument executed by (a) the
           Company; (b) the Key Holders holding sixty six and two-thirds percent (66 ⅔%) of the Shares
           then held by the Key Holders and (c) the Investors holding sixty six and two-thirds percent
           (66 ⅔%) the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, voting separately and as a
           single class. Notwithstanding the foregoing:

                                 (a) this Agreement may not be amended or terminated and the obser-
           vance of any term of this Agreement may not be waived with respect to any Investor or Key
           Holder without the written consent of such Investor or Key Holder unless such amendment,
           termination or waiver applies to all Investors or Key Holders, as the case may be, in the same
         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                         8
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 104 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           fashion;

                                 (b) the consent of the Key Holders shall not be required for any
           amendment or waiver if such amendment or waiver either (A) is not directly applicable to the
           rights of the Key Holders hereunder or (B) does not adversely affect the rights of the Key
           Holders in a manner that is different than the effect on the rights of the other parties hereto;

                                (c) Schedules A hereto may be amended by the Company from time to
           time in accordance with the Purchase Agreement to add information regarding additional
           Purchasers (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) without the consent of the other parties
           hereto;

                                 (d) any provision hereof may be waived by the waiving party on such
           party’s own behalf, without the consent of any other party; and

           The Company shall give prompt written notice of any amendment, termination or waiver here-
           under to any party that did not consent in writing thereto. Any amendment, termination or
           waiver effected in accordance with this Subsection 6.8 shall be binding on each party and all of
           such party’s successors and permitted assigns, whether or not any such party, successor or
           assignee entered into or approved such amendment, termination or waiver. For purposes of
           this Subsection 6.8, the requirement of a written instrument may be satisfied in the form of an
           action by written consent of the Stockholders circulated by the Company and executed by the
           Stockholder parties specified, whether or not such action by written consent makes explicit
           reference to the terms of this Agreement.

                        6.9     Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power
           or remedy accruing to any party under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of any other
           party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-
           breaching or non-defaulting party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or
           default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter
           occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other
           breach or default previously or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval
           of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement,
           or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must
           be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All
           remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be
           cumulative and not alternative.

                        6.10 Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof
           shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

                             6.11   Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto), and
         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                           9
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                     Page 105 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           the Restated Certificate constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the
           parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement
           relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled.

                          6.12 Legend on Share Certificates. Each certificate representing any Shares
           issued after the date hereof shall be endorsed by the Company with a legend reading substan-
           tially as follows:

                             “THE SHARES EVIDENCED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO A VOTING
           AGREEMENT, AS MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, (A COPY OF WHICH
           MAY BE OBTAINED UPON WRITTEN REQUEST FROM THE COMPANY), AND BY
           ACCEPTING ANY INTEREST IN SUCH SHARES THE PERSON ACCEPTING SUCH
           INTEREST SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE TO AND SHALL BECOME BOUND BY
           ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THAT VOTING AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CERTAIN
           RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP SET FORTH THEREIN.”

                         The Company, by its execution of this Agreement, agrees that it will cause the
           certificates evidencing the Shares issued after the date hereof to bear the legend required by
           this Subsection 6.12 of this Agreement, and it shall supply, free of charge, a copy of this
           Agreement to any holder of a certificate evidencing Shares upon written request from such
           holder to the Company at its principal office. The parties to this Agreement do hereby agree
           that the failure to cause the certificates evidencing the Shares to bear the legend required by
           this Subsection 6.12 herein and/or the failure of the Company to supply, free of charge, a copy
           of this Agreement as provided hereunder shall not affect the validity or enforcement of this
           Agreement.

                          6.13 Stock Splits, Stock Dividends, etc. In the event of any issuance of Shares
           of the Company’s voting securities hereafter to any of the Stockholders (including, without
           limitation, in connection with any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization,
           or the like), such Shares shall become subject to this Agreement and shall be endorsed with the
           legend set forth in Subsection 6.12.

                        6.14 Manner of Voting. The voting of Shares pursuant to this Agreement may
           be effected in person, by proxy, by written consent or in any other manner permitted by
           applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, voting of the Shares pursuant to the Agreement
           need not make explicit reference to the terms of this Agreement.

                        6.15 Further Assurances. At any time or from time to time after the date
           hereof, the parties agree to cooperate with each other, and at the request of any other party, to
           execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as
           the other party may reasonably request in order to evidence or effectuate the consummation of
           the transactions contemplated hereby and to otherwise carry out the intent of the parties
         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                         10
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                       Page 106 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




           hereunder.

                         6.16 Dispute Resolution. The parties (a) hereby irrevocably and
           unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the state courts of Maine and to the jurisdiction of
           the United States District Court for the District of Maine for the purpose of any suit, action or
           other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (b) agree not to commence any
           suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement except in the state
           courts of Maine or the United States District Court for the District of Maine, and (c) hereby
           waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit,
           action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-
           named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the
           suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action
           or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be
           enforced in or by such court.

           WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY
           TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF
           THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE SECURITIES
           OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER
           IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT
           MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF
           THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS,
           TORT CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL
           OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THIS SECTION HAS BEEN
           FULLY DISCUSSED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THESE PROVISIONS
           WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY EXCEPTIONS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
           FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT SUCH PARTY HAS REVIEWED
           THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT SUCH PARTY KNOWINGLY
           AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING
           CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

                        6.17 Aggregation of Stock. All Shares held or acquired by a Stockholder
           and/or its Affiliates shall be aggregated together for the purpose of determining the availability
           of any rights under this Agreement, and such Affiliated persons may apportion such rights as
           among themselves in any manner they deem appropriate.

                         6.18 Key Holder Voting. At such time when a Key Holder is no longer
           employed by the Company, such Key Holder agrees to vote his/her Common Stock or Series B
           Preferred (or Common Stock acquired upon conversion of Series B or Former Series B
           Preferred) in the same proportion as all other shares are voted in any vote.


         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                          11
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                      Page 107 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                  (SIGNATURES APPEAR ON NEXT PAGE)




         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                           12
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                            Page 108 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated Voting
         Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                                CERAHELIX, INC.

                                                By: ______________________________________
                                                Name: Susan MacKay
                                                Title: President


                                                KEY HOLDERS:


                                                Signature:
                                                Name: Susan MacKay

                                                Signature:
                                                Name: Donald MacKay

                                                Signature:
                                                Name: Karl Bishop


                                                INVESTORS:

                                                [Individual Investors Use this Signature Block]:

                                                Name: ________________________________
                                                         Type or Print Name

                                                By: ___________________________________
                                                         Signature


                                                [Entity Investors use this Signature Block]:

                                                Entity Name: ___________________________

                                                By: ___________________________________

                                                Name: _________________________________

                                                Title: __________________________________
         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
                                                  13
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                   Page 109 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                      SCHEDULE A
                                       INVESTORS

                                  Number of                   Number of
         Name and Address         Purchased Shares            Conversion Shares   Total




                                    {EP - 02077635 - v6 }14
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                     Page 110 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                   SCHEDULE B

                                  KEY HOLDERS

         Name                                               Number of Shares Held



         Susan MacKay                                       5,420,730

         Donald MacKay                                      1,115,850

                                                            3,219,510
         Karl Bishop




                                  {EP - 02077635 - v6 }13
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                               Page 111 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                                          EXHIBIT A

                                                ADOPTION AGREEMENT

                 This Adoption Agreement (“Adoption Agreement”) is executed on ___________________,
         20__, by the undersigned (the “Holder”) pursuant to the terms of that certain Voting Agreement dated as
         of [_____ __, 20___] (the “Agreement”), by and among the Company and certain of its Stockholders, as
         such Agreement may be amended or amended and restated hereafter. Capitalized terms used but not
         defined in this Adoption Agreement shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the
         Agreement. By the execution of this Adoption Agreement, the Holder agrees as follows.

                  1.1     Acknowledgement. Holder acknowledges that Holder is acquiring certain shares of the
         capital stock of the Company (the “Stock”)[ or options, warrants or other rights to purchase such Stock
         (the “Options”)], for one of the following reasons (Check the correct box):

                             as a transferee of Shares from a party in such party’s capacity as an “Investor” bound by
                             the Agreement, and after such transfer, Holder shall be considered an “Investor” and a
                             “Stockholder” for all purposes of the Agreement.

                             as a transferee of Shares from a party in such party’s capacity as a “Key Holder” bound
                             by the Agreement, and after such transfer, Holder shall be considered a “Key Holder” and
                             a “Stockholder” for all purposes of the Agreement.

                             as a new Investor in accordance with Subsection 6.1(a) of the Agreement, in which case
                             Holder will be an “Investor” and a “Stockholder” for all purposes of the Agreement.

                             in accordance with Subsection 6.1(b) of the Agreement, as a new party who is not a new
                             Investor, in which case Holder will be a “Stockholder” for all purposes of the Agreement.

                  1.2     Agreement. Holder hereby (a) agrees that the Stock [Options], and any other shares of
         capital stock or securities required by the Agreement to be bound thereby, shall be bound by and subject
         to the terms of the Agreement and (b) adopts the Agreement with the same force and effect as if Holder
         were originally a party thereto.

                 1.3      Notice. Any notice required or permitted by the Agreement shall be given to Holder at
         the address or facsimile number listed below Holder’s signature hereto.

         HOLDER:                                                 ACCEPTED AND AGREED:

         By:                                                     CERAHELIX, INC.
         Name and Title of Signatory

         Address:                                                By:

                                                                 Title:

         Facsimile Number:


         {EP - 02077635 - v6 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                Page 112 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                  Exhibit F to Stock Purchase Agreement

                                            Disclosure Schedule
                                      Schedule 2.2(c) - Capitalization Table




         {EP - 02705705 - v1 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B       Page 113 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Assumptions for Cap Table:




         {EP - 02705705 - v1 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 114 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                                  Schedule 2.9(b)

                                                Certain Transactions



         Indebtedness on short-term notes with Richard Schotte in the aggregate principal amount of
         $180,000, together with interest, all to be converted to Series B Preferred Stock at Closing in
         accordance with the Purchase Agreement.




         {EP - 02705705 - v1 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                                    Page 115 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




  Jeffrey W. Spaulding                                                                            204 Main Street, P.O. Box 119
  Direct Dial 207-992-4350                                                                        Ellsworth, Maine 04605
  jspaulding@eatonpeabody.com                                                                     Phone 207-664-2900 Fax 207-667-3550
                                                                                                  www.eatonpeabody.com




                       Cerahelix, Inc.
                       Attn: Series B Preferred Stock Purchasers

                       Ladies and Gentlemen:

                    This opinion is furnished to you pursuant to Section 4.11 of the Series B Preferred Stock
            Purchase Agreement of substantially even date (the “Purchase Agreement”), by and between Cerahelix,
            Inc. a Delaware business corporation (the “Company”), and certain purchasers of Series B Preferred
            Stock issued by the Company (the “Purchasers”). We have acted as counsel to the Company in
            connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of its shares of Series B Preferred Stock to the
            Purchasers in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and other agreements executed in connection with
            the Purchase Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth
            in the Purchase Agreement.

                     In rendering this opinion we have reviewed the Purchase Agreement, the schedules and exhibits
            attached thereto, and each document and agreement contemplated thereby, a (collectively, the
            “Transaction Documents”). Additionally, we have examined copies of such public records, certificates
            and other documents and materials as we have deemed necessary and appropriate under the circumstances
            in order to render this opinion. As to factual matters, we have made inquiries and have relied upon the
            representations and information supplied to us by the Company and representations, warranties, and
            agreements contained in the Purchase Agreement. Nothing has come to our attention leading us to
            question the accuracy of such representations or information. With respect to opinions rendered herein "to
            the best of our knowledge," such phrase refers to the current conscious knowledge of lawyers presently
            associated with this firm without any independent investigation or verification.

                    Based upon the foregoing and subject to the additional qualifications set forth below, we are of
            the opinion that:

                    1.       The Company is validly existing as a corporation and in good standing under Delaware
            law, and is qualified as a foreign corporation and in good standing in the State of Maine.

                    2.       The Company has the corporate power to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents
            in which it is named as a party and to perform its obligations thereunder.

                  3.            The Company has duly authorized, executed and delivered each of the Transaction
            Documents.

                    4.       The execution and delivery by the Company of the Transaction Documents and the
            performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including its issuance
            and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock and issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the
            Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the
            “Conversion Shares”), do not and will not (i) violate the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”)
            or United States federal law, (ii) violate any court order, judgment or decree, (iii) violate the Company’s
            Restated Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws.



            {EP - 02689732 - v4 }
                                    AUGUSTA I BANGOR I BRUNSWICK I ELLSWORTH I PORTLAND
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                              Page 116 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                  5.     The authorized capital stock of the Company will consist of (i) 33,550,000 shares of
         Common Stock, $0.001 par value, of which 9,999,990 shares of which are issued and outstanding
         immediately prior to the Initial Closing, and (ii) 22,250,000 shares of Preferred Stock, of which 1,695,000
         shares have been designated Series AA Preferred Stock, 1,694,000 of which are issued and outstanding
         immediately prior to the Initial Closing; 5,200,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 4,106,137 of which
         are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Closing, and 15,360,000 shares of Series B
         Preferred Stock, 1,925,307 of which are outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Closing.

                  7.      The Series B Preferred Stock have been duly authorized, and when issued, delivered and
         paid for in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
         The Conversion Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the Company's
         Restated Certificate of Incorporation upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, will be validly issued, fully
         paid and nonassessable.

                 8.       Assuming the accuracy of the representations of each of the Purchasers in the Purchase
         Agreement, the sale of the Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement does not, the
         issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the
         Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation will not (assuming no commission or other
         remuneration is paid or given directly or indirectly for soliciting the conversion), require registration
         under the Securities Act of 1933.

                9.       We are not representing the Company in any pending litigation in which it is a named
         defendant that challenges the validity or enforceability of, or seeks to enjoin the performance of, the
         Transaction Documents. To the best of our knowledge no such action is pending or threatened.

                The opinions expressed herein are rendered based on the Delaware General Corporation Law and
         we express no opinion as to the laws of any other jurisdiction.

                 This opinion letter and the opinions it contains shall be interpreted in accordance with the Legal
         Opinion Principles issued by the Committee on Legal Opinions of the American Bar Association’s
         Business Law Section as published in 53 Business Lawyer 831 (May 1998). This opinion is being
         rendered solely for the benefit of the Purchasers in connection with the transactions referred to herein and
         may not be relied upon by any other person or entity or quoted for any other purpose without our prior
         written consent.

                                                           Very truly yours,


                                                           _____________________________
                                                           Jeffrey W. Spaulding, Shareholder
                                                           Eaton Peabody, P.A.




         {EP - 02689732 - v4 }
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 117 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS
         WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
         1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ACT”), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF
         APPLICABLE STATES. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS
         ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR
         RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND THE APPLICABLE
         STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
         THEREFROM.

                                              WARRANT TO PURCHASE
                                            SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK
                                                        OF
                                                  CERAHELIX, INC.

         Warrant Stock: 1,824,054                                                Issued on March____, 2018


                 This certifies that for value received, PureTerra Ventures Limited, or its registered
         assigns (the “Holder”) is entitled, subject to the terms and conditions of this Warrant, to
         purchase from Cerahelix, Inc., a Delaware corporation (or its successors and assigns) (the
         “Company”), at any time and from time to time until the Expiration Date, the Warrant Stock at a
         price per share equal to the Warrant Price, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal offices
         of the Company, together with a duly executed subscription in the form attached hereto as
         Exhibit 1 and simultaneous payment of the full Warrant Price for the shares of Warrant Stock so
         purchased in lawful money of the United States or as otherwise provided herein.

                   1.        Definitions. The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this Warrant:

                         1.1     “Affiliate” means, with respect to any party, any party directly or
         indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such party, and any officer,
         director or executive employee of such party.

                        1.2     “Charter” means the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of
         Incorporation, as the same may be amended from time to time.

                        1.3      “Expiration Date” means the first to occur of (i) the date on which
         PureTerra Ventures Limited qualifies for the Maine Seed Capital Tax Credit (“MSCTC”) as a
         venture capital fund, or (ii) ten (10) years from the date first written above.

                             1.4    “Sale Event” means a Deemed Liquidation Event as defined in the
         Charter.

                        1.5   “Series B Preferred Stock” means the Series B Preferred Stock, par value
         $0.001, of the Company.

                         1.6   “Warrant” means this Warrant and any warrant(s) delivered in
         substitution or exchange therefor, as provided herein.

         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }
         ACTIVE/80714934.5
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 118 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                         1.7    “Warrant Price” means $0.001 (as adjusted for stock splits, dividends,
         recapitalizations and the like with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock).

                         1.8     “Warrant Stock” means the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
         first written above, as may be adjusted pursuant to Section 4.

                   2.        Exercise.

                         2.1     Condition to Exercise. This Warrant shall only be exercisable if PureTerra
         Ventures Limited (“PureTerra”), after using commercially reasonable efforts, does not qualify
         for the Maine Seed Capital Tax Credit (“MSCTC”) as a venture capital fund. For purposes of
         determining whether PureTerra has not qualified for the MSCTC, PureTerra shall be deemed to
         have not qualified if, after using commercially reasonable efforts to apply for the MSCTC in
         2018, PureTerra is not formally recognized by the State of Maine on or before July 1, 2018 as so
         qualifying for the tax year ending December 31, 2018.

                        2.2      Method of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions (and specifically
         the condition to exercise set forth in Section 2.1) of this Warrant, the Holder may exercise this
         Warrant, in whole or in part, on any business day beginning from and after the date hereof, but
         before the Expiration Date for Warrant Stock for which this Warrant is then exercisable, by
         surrendering this Warrant at the principal offices of the Company, with the subscription form
         attached hereto duly executed by the Holder, and payment of an amount equal to the product
         obtained by multiplying (a) the number of shares of Warrant Stock to be purchased by the Holder
         by (b) the Warrant Price, as determined in accordance with the terms hereof. Notwithstanding
         the foregoing restrictions, the Holder may exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part, immediately
         prior to the Expiration Date.

                         2.3    Form of Payment. Subject to Section 2.6 below, payment may be made by
         (a) a check payable to the Company’s order, (b) wire transfer of funds to the Company,
         (c) cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the Holder, or (d) any combination of the
         foregoing.

                       2.4     Partial Exercise. Upon a partial exercise of this Warrant: (a) the available
         shares of Warrant Stock shall be reduced by an amount equal to the number of shares being
         purchased in connection with such partial exercise, and (b) this Warrant shall be surrendered by
         the Holder and replaced with a new Warrant of like tenor in which the number of shares of
         Warrant Stock exercisable therefor reflects such partial exercise.

                         2.5    No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares may be issued upon any
         exercise of this Warrant, and any fractions shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of
         shares. If upon any exercise of this Warrant a fraction of a share results, the Company will pay
         the cash value of any such fractional share.

                         2.6      Restrictions on Exercise. This Warrant may not be exercised if the
         issuance of the Warrant Stock upon such exercise would constitute a violation of any applicable
         federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations. As a condition to the exercise of this
         Warrant, the Holder shall execute the subscription form attached hereto.

         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                                              -2-
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 119 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                         2.7    Net Exercise Election. The Holder may elect to convert all or a portion of
         this Warrant, without the payment by the Holder of any additional consideration, by the
         surrender of this Warrant or such portion to the Company, with the net exercise election selected
         in the subscription form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder, into up to the number of
         shares of Warrant Stock that is obtained under the following formula:

                                                     X = Y (A-B)
                                                           A

         where      X = the number of shares of Warrant Stock to be issued to the Holder pursuant to this
                    Section 2.6.

                    Y = the number of shares of Warrant Stock for this Warrant is being exercised by the
                    Holder.

                    A = the fair market value of one share of Warrant Stock, as determined in good faith
                    by the Company’s Board of Directors, as at the time the net exercise election is made
                    pursuant to this Section 2.6.

                    B = the Warrant Price.

                 The Company will promptly respond in writing to an inquiry by the Holder as to the then
         current fair market value of one share of Warrant Stock.

                  For purposes of the above calculation, fair market value of one share of Warrant Stock
         shall be determined by the Company’s Board of Directors in good faith; provided, however, that
         where there exists a public market for the Company’s common stock, par value of $0.001 per
         share (the “Common Stock”) at the time of such exercise, the fair market value per share shall be
         the product of (a) the average of the closing bid and asked prices of the Common Stock quoted in
         the Over-The-Counter Market Summary or the last reported sale price of the Common Stock or
         the closing price quoted on the Nasdaq Market or on any exchange on which the Common Stock
         is listed, whichever is applicable, as published in the Wall Street Journal for the five (5) trading
         days prior to the date of determination of fair market value and (b) the number of shares of
         Common Stock into which each share of Warrant Stock is convertible, if applicable, at the time
         of such exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Warrant is exercised in
         connection with the Company’s initial public offering of Common Stock, the fair market value
         per share shall be the product of (a) the per share offering price to the public of the Company’s
         Common Stock, and (b) the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of
         Warrant Stock is convertible, if applicable, at the time of such exercise.

                   3.         Issuance of Stock. This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised
         immediately prior to the close of business on the date of its surrender for exercise as provided
         above, and the person entitled to receive the shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon such exercise
         shall be treated for all purposes as the holder of record of such shares as of the close of business
         on such date. As soon as practicable on or after such date, the Company shall issue and deliver to
         the person or persons entitled to receive the same a certificate or certificates for the number of
         whole shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon such exercise. Surrender of this Warrant in
         connection with the exercise thereof shall not be required if the Holder delivers an executed
         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                                              -3-
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                        Page 120 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         affidavit of loss, damage or mutilation, and an executed agreement to indemnify the Company
         (as reasonably requested by the Company).

                 4.     Adjustment Provisions. The number and character of shares of Warrant Stock
         issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (or any shares of stock or other securities or property at
         the time receivable or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant) and the Warrant Price, are subject
         to adjustment upon the occurrence of the following events between the date this Warrant is
         issued and the date it is exercised:

                        4.1      Adjustment for Stock Splits, Stock Dividends, Recapitalizations, etc. The
         Warrant Price of this Warrant and the number of shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon exercise
         of this Warrant (or any shares of stock or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of
         this Warrant) shall each be proportionally adjusted to reflect any stock dividend, stock split,
         reverse stock split, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar event affecting the number of
         outstanding shares of Warrant Stock (or such other stock or securities).

                         4.2     Adjustment for Other Dividends and Distributions. In case the Company
         shall make or issue, or shall fix a record date for the determination of eligible holders entitled to
         receive, a dividend or other distribution payable respect to the Warrant Stock that is payable in
         (a) securities of the Company (other than issuances with respect to which adjustment is made
         under Section 4.1), or (b) assets (other than cash dividends paid or payable solely out of retained
         earnings), then, and in each such case, the Holder, upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after
         the consummation, effective date or record date of such event, shall receive, in addition to the
         shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon such exercise prior to such date, the securities or such
         other assets of the Company to which the Holder would have been entitled upon such date if the
         Holder had exercised this Warrant immediately prior thereto (all subject to further adjustment as
         provided in this Warrant).

                          4.3    Adjustment for Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger. In case of any
         reorganization of the Company (or of any other corporation, the stock or other securities of
         which are at the time receivable on the exercise of this Warrant), after the date of this Warrant, or
         in case, after such date, the Company (or any such corporation) shall consolidate with or merge
         into another corporation or convey all or substantially all of its assets to another corporation and
         then distribute the proceeds to its stockholders, then, and in each such case, the Holder, upon the
         exercise of this Warrant (as provided in Section 2), at any time after the consummation of such
         reorganization, consolidation, merger or conveyance, shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of the
         stock or other securities and property receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to such
         consummation, the stock or other securities or property to which the Holder would have been
         entitled upon the consummation of such reorganization, consolidation, merger or conveyance if
         the Holder had exercised this Warrant immediately prior thereto, all subject to further adjustment
         as provided in this Warrant, and the successor or purchasing corporation in such reorganization,
         consolidation, merger or conveyance (if other than the Company) shall duly execute and deliver
         to the Holder a supplement hereto acknowledging such corporation’s obligations under this
         Warrant; and in each such case, the terms of this Warrant shall be applicable to the shares of
         stock or other securities or property receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant after the
         consummation of such reorganization, consolidation, merger or conveyance.


         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                                              -4-
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                     Page 121 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                         4.4   Adjustments for Diluting Issuances. Without duplication of any
         adjustment otherwise provided for in this Section 4, the number of shares of common stock
         issuable upon conversion of the Warrant Stock shall be subject to anti-dilution adjustment from
         time to time in the manner set forth in the Charter as if the Warrant Stock were issued and
         outstanding on and as of the date of any such required adjustment.

                         4.5    Conversion of Stock. In case all the authorized Warrant Stock is
         converted into other securities or property, or the Warrant Stock otherwise ceases to exist, then,
         in such case, the Holder, upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after the date on which the
         Warrant Stock is so converted or ceases to exist (the “Termination Date”), shall receive, in lieu
         of the number of shares of Warrant Stock that would have been issuable upon such exercise
         immediately prior to the Termination Date (the “Former Number of Shares of Warrant Stock”),
         the stock and other securities and property which the Holder would have been entitled to receive
         upon the Termination Date if the Holder had exercised this Warrant with respect to the Former
         Number of Shares of Warrant Stock immediately prior to the Termination Date (all subject to
         further adjustment as provided in this Warrant).

                        4.6    Notice of Adjustments. The Company shall promptly give written notice
         of each adjustment or readjustment of the Warrant Price or the number of shares of Warrant
         Stock. The notice shall describe the adjustment or readjustment and show in reasonable detail the
         facts on which the adjustment or readjustment is based.

                        4.7     No Change Necessary. The form of this Warrant need not be changed
         because of any adjustment in the Warrant Price or in the number of shares of Warrant Stock
         issuable upon its exercise. Furthermore, any change required by this Section 4 shall be without
         duplication of any changes which may be similarly required by the Charter and the provisions of
         the Charter shall govern in the event of any conflict between the terms of this Warrant and the
         Charter.

                         4.8    Reservation of Stock. If at any time the number of shares of Warrant
         Stock or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall not be sufficient to effect
         the exercise of this Warrant, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion
         of the Holder’s counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Warrant
         Stock or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant as shall be sufficient for such
         purpose.

                   5.        Representations and Warranties.

                        5.1    Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby
         represents and warrants to the Holder as follows:

                                 (a)   Due Authorization. All corporate action on the part of the
         Company’s directors necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery of, and the performance
         of all obligations of the Company under this Warrant has been taken, and this Warrant when
         executed and delivered, will constitute, valid and legally binding obligations of the Company,
         enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by (i) applicable
         bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws of general application relating to or

         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                                           -5-
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                         Page 122 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         affecting the enforcement of creditor’s rights generally and (ii) the effect of rules of law
         governing the availability of equitable remedies.

                                (b)      Offer, Issuance and Sale. Based in part on the representations and
         warranties made by the Holder in Section 5.2 hereof, the offer, issuance, sale and delivery of the
         Warrant and Warrant Stock are or will be exempt from the registration requirements of the Act
         and the qualification or registration provisions of applicable state securities laws. Neither the
         Company nor its authorized agents will take any action that would cause the loss of such
         exemption.

                                 (c)    Corporate Power. The Company has the corporate power and
         authority to issue, execute and deliver the Warrant and to carry out and perform all its
         obligations under the Warrant.

                        5.2    Representations and Warranties of the Holder. The Holder hereby
         represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

                                  (a)   Due Authorization. If the Holder is a business entity, all corporate
         action on the part of the Holder’s managers and members necessary for the authorization,
         execution, delivery of, and the performance of all obligations of the Holder under this Warrant
         has been taken, and this Warrant when executed and delivered, will constitute, valid and legally
         binding obligations of the Holder, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except
         as may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws of
         general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditor’s rights generally and (ii)
         the effect of rules of law governing the availability of equitable remedies.

                                (b)     Purchase for Own Account. The Warrant and, if applicable, the
         Warrant Stock will be acquired for investment for the Holder’s own account, not as a nominee or
         agent, and not with a view to the public resale or distribution thereof within the meaning of the
         Act, and the Holder has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise
         distributing the same.

                               (c)   Accredited Investor Status. The Holder is an “accredited investor”
         within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Act (an “accredited investor”).

                 6.      No Rights or Liabilities as Stockholder. This Warrant does not by itself entitle
         the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In the absence
         of affirmative action by the Holder to purchase Warrant Stock by exercise of this Warrant, no
         provisions of this Warrant, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder,
         shall cause the Holder to be a stockholder of the Company for any purpose.

                   7.         No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of
         Incorporation or Bylaws, each as amended to date, or through reorganization, consolidation,
         merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, sale of assets or any other voluntary action,
         willfully avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
         Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the
         taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the
         Holder against wrongful impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                                               -6-
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 123 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




         Company will take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
         may duly and validly issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Warrant Stock upon the
         exercise of this Warrant.

                 8.       Transfer. This Warrant and any rights hereunder may not be assigned, conveyed
         or transferred, in whole or in part, by the Holder without the Company’s prior written consent
         (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld), except to an Affiliate, partner, shareholder or
         member of the Holder who is an “accredited investor” and who can represent to the Company
         that they are acquiring this Warrant for their own account for investment purposes and not with a
         view toward public resale or other distribution thereof. For purposes of this paragraph, the
         Company may reasonably require, as a condition of permitting any assignment, conveyance or
         transfer, that the Holder provide an opinion of counsel in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
         Company stating that such assignment, conveyance or transfer is exempt from the registration
         and prospectus delivery requirements of the Act and any applicable state securities laws. The
         Holder agrees to notify the Company of any such transfer within thirty (30) days thereafter and
         provide the Company with the name and address of the transferee. The rights and obligations of
         the Company and the Holder under this Warrant shall be binding upon and benefit their
         respective permitted successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees.

                 9.     Nature of Stock. The shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon exercise of the
         Warrant are “restricted securities” within the meaning of the Act and are subject to restrictions
         on transfer. Accordingly, the certificates representing the shares of Warrant Stock will bear a
         legend evidencing their restricted nature substantially as follows:

                   THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
                   REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “ACT”), AS
                   AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAW AND MAY NOT BE
                   SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE
                   ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
                   SUCH ACT COVERING SUCH SECURITIES UNLESS THE ISSUER
                   RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER OF THESE
                   SECURITIES, REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, STATING
                   THAT SUCH SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR HYPOTHECATION IS
                   EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY
                   REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE
                   SECURITIES LAWS.

         The shares of Warrant Stock reserved pursuant to this Warrant are not, and at the time of
         exercise of the Warrant will not be, registered under the Act because the sale of the shares
         thereunder is exempt from registration. To enable the Company to satisfy the requirements of
         the exemption, the Holder has represented to the Company that it is an accredited investor within
         the meaning of the Act, and that it is acquiring this Warrant for its own account for investment
         purposes and not with a view toward the public resale or other distribution thereof.

                 10.    Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed under the
         internal laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of laws or
         choice of laws.
         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                                               -7-
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 124 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                11.      Headings. The headings and captions used in this Warrant are used only for
         convenience and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Warrant. All
         references in this Warrant to sections and exhibits shall, unless otherwise provided, refer to
         sections hereof and exhibits attached hereto, all of which exhibits are incorporated herein by this
         reference.

                 12.     Notices. Unless otherwise provided, any notice required or permitted under this
         Warrant shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (a) when faxed (with
         transmission acknowledgment received); provided, however, that any faxes sent on a day other
         than a business day shall be deemed received on the following business day; (b) when delivered
         personally; (c) five (5) days after being sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt
         requested); (d) two (2) days after being sent by overnight delivery providing receipt of delivery;
         (e) when sent by electronic mail (with receipt acknowledge by electronic mail reply) when
         addressed to the party to be notified at the address indicated for such party on the signature page
         hereto, or at such other address as any party or the Company may designate by giving ten (10)
         days’ advance written notice to all other parties.

                 13.     Amendment; Waiver. This Warrant may only be amended with the prior written
         consent of the Holder and the Company. No waiver of, or exception to any term, condition or
         provision of this Warrant, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a
         further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition or provision.

                 14.     Severability. If one or more provisions of this Warrant are held to be
         unenforceable under applicable law, such provision(s) shall be excluded from this Warrant and
         the balance of the Warrant shall be interpreted as if such provision(s) were so excluded and shall
         be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

                15.    Terms Binding. By acceptance of this Warrant, the Holder accepts and agrees to
         be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Warrant.

                                  [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]




         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                                            -8-
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                        Page 125 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed in its
         name as of the date first above written.



                                                THE COMPANY:

                                                CERAHELIX, INC.


                                                By:
                                                Name: Susan MacKay
                                                Title: CEO

                                                Address:
                                                 20 Godfrey Drive
                                                 Orono, ME 04473




         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                               -9-
Cerahelix, Inc. - 2018 Series B                                                                      Page 126 of 126
Investment Binder - PropelX




                                                     EXHIBIT 1

                                            FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION

                                     (To be signed only upon exercise of Warrant)

         To:       Cerahelix, Inc.

                (1) The undersigned Holder hereby elects to purchase 1,810,738 shares of Series
          B Preferred Stock of Cerahelix, Inc. (the “Warrant Stock”), pursuant to the terms of the
          attached Warrant, and tenders herewith payment of the purchase price for such shares in
          full.

               (2) Net Exercise Election. The undersigned Holder elects to convert the Warrant
          into shares of Warrant Stock by net exercise election pursuant to Section 2.6 of the
          Warrant.

                             [STRIKE PARAGRAPH ABOVE THAT DOES NOT APPLY]

              (3) Please issue a certificate or certificates representing such shares of Warrant
          Stock in the names specified below:

         _________________________                            ___________________________
         (Name)                                               (Name)


         ___________________________                          ___________________________
         (Address)                                            (Address)


         ___________________________                          ___________________________
         (City, State, Zip Code)                              (City, State, Zip Code)


         _____________________________                        _____________________________
         (Federal Tax identification Number)                  (Federal Tax identification Number)


         ___________________________                          ___________________________
         (Date             )                                  (Signature of Holder)




         {EP - 02677436 - v5 }                                                                         -10-
